   Standing with the mission behind the slogan “The Future is Now”, Infinix keeps on going the extra mile to provide customers with technology to make their day-to-day lives easier. With technology’s advancement, the stake for innovation keeps getting higher and this brand doesn’t intend to be left behind. The NOTE 10 Pro is a device that meets beauty with strength as it balances aesthetics and functionality to meet the needs of smartphone users from its super-fast processor, innovative upgrades, unique colours, style and overall design. It has brilliantly combined the latest innovative technology that combines beauty  — the sleek design and display —  and the beastly mode — the superfast G95 processor  — of the device to offer users the best mobile experience. The beauty and beast mode of the Note 10 Pro showcases its different dimensions and you can get this experience when you participate in the beauty and beast mode challenge. You can be one of the lucky fans to win the N1,000,000 grand prize and become one of the #InfinixXStars when you join the #BeautyandBeastModeWithInfinix To participate, follow these easy steps 1) Make a 30-sec transition video showing your Beauty & beast Modes with the background song ‘The Best’ by @davido (beauty mode is your classy mode & beast mode is your work, hustle, or grind mode) Please check here for the download link. 2) Post on Facebook or Instagram with the hashtags #InfinixXStars & #BeautyandBeastModeWithInfinix 3) Gather engagement on your post and make sure it is creative. 1M naira is up for grabs to two people each. And aside from the grand winners, a cash prize of N200,000 is available for five runner-ups. So, everyone gets a chance to show their beauty and beast mode to win big with Infinix. So, if you want to be a winner, give this your best shot and put in your entry, ensuring you follow all the instructions carefully. You can visit Infinix on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram at @Infinixnigeria for more details on this smartphone. You can also join their community of young and vibrant fans on XClub via the app on your Infinix device or click on this link to download the app if you don’t already use Infinix.  