Another action-packed day of European Championship football gets underway on Thursday, June 17th. There are once again three ties taking place on the day, the first of which sees Ukraine and North Macedonia face off in a Group C match. Belgium then face arguably their toughest test of the group phase, Denmark, in the 5 PM kick-off. And the day’s action is rounded out when Netherlands and Austria face off. Both teams picked up wins in their opening game, meaning Thursday’s match could play a huge role in determining who tops Group C. Ukraine: Ukraine have no injury issues at present. North Macedonia: North Macedonia do not have any injury concerns ahead of their clash with Ukraine. Denmark: Denmark, of course, will be without Christian Eriksen when they face Belgium. Belgium: Jan Vertonghen picked up a slight knock vs Russia, but Roberto Martinez does not seem too concerned about the centre-back: “Jan has a typical football injury, an ankle knock that we’re going to wait 48 hours to see the extent of, but I don’t expect that to be too serious.” Martinez hopeful over Vertonghen knock: “Jan has a typical football injury, an ankle knock that we’re going to wait 48 hours to see the extent of, but I don’t expect that to be too serious.”#EURO2020 https://t.co/DSBPbBMAbX#BEL — Ben Dinnery (@BenDinnery) June 14, 2021  Kevin De Bruyne returned to Belgium training earlier this week after recovering from a double facial fracture suffered in last month’s Champions League final and is targeting a return vs Denmark. Netherlands: Matthijs de Ligt missed Netherlands’ first Euro 2020 clash and his participation vs Austria remains unknown at present. So, it is probably best to leave him out of your Euro Fantasy Football side for now. Austria: Austria have no injury concerns ahead of facing the Netherlands on Thursday evening. Romelu Lukaku, Belgium (11m) Romelu Lukaku began Euro 2020 in style, netting a brace as Belgium secured a 3-0 win over Russia. The Red Devils are now set to face off with Denmark, who are arguably Belgium’s toughest opponents in Group B. That should not, however, stop Lukaku from continuing his fine form for his country. Belgium would smash the Danes 4-2 in a Nations League tie last year, with Lukaku once again scoring twice and a similar outcome could be likely this time around as well. Memphis Depay, Netherlands (10m) The Netherlands faced off with Ukraine in their opening tie and earned a 3-2, proving that they are an extremely entertaining team to watch going forward. And whilst Memphis Depay did not get his goal last time out, he was still one of the Netherlands’ brightest talents, with his surging runs and quick feet a nightmare for defenders. So, Depay should have little issues find the net against an Austria side who struggle to keep clean sheets. Austria have kept just one clean sheet in their last eight, conceding to some pretty poor sides such as the Faroe Islands, Scotland and Northern Ireland. Denzel Dumfries, Netherlands (5.5m) Given Netherlands shipped two vs Ukraine last time out, signing a defender from their side may seem quite an odd move. However, Denzel Dumfries, despite operating at right-wing-back vs Ukraine, was a key part of the Netherlands’ attacking threat. The defender had a number of great chances to score in the game and would eventually bag the winner in the 85th minute. REDEMPTION FOR DUMFRIES… ELATION FOR THE NETHERLANDS! What a time to score your first #NED goal!  #ITVFootball | #Euro2020 pic.twitter.com/UITH0CPCjL — ITV Football (@itvfootball) June 13, 2021  It is also worth noting that Austria are perhaps not as dangerous a side as Ukraine going forward, so the chances of Dumfries keeping a clean sheet are also boosted. Last time Belgium played Romelu Lukaku was 101’s captain choice, and he would go on to earn 20 points for anyone who chose him. And, despite Denmark being slightly better than Russia, he does seem the most likely of all the aforementioned players to earn you big points this week as well.