 Spurs remain braced for the potential departure of talisman Harry Kane this summer, who informed the club earlier in the season of his desire to leave after another trophyless campaign and a failure to secure Champions League football. And it would appear they have switched their focus to Germany for a replacement. Thuram – son of French World Cup winner Lilian – has hit double-digits for Gladbach over the past two seasons. He is also part of the France squad for the upcoming Euros. RMC Sport states that Thuram is set to leave the Bundesliga outfit during this summer. Whatsmore, they add that the forward is speaking to the north London side over a potential transfer. Thuram joined Gladbach in the summer of 2019 from French side Guingamp. He scored 10 goals in his debut season in Germany as Marco Rose’s side finished fourth. Last season was more of a struggle for the 23-year-old and his club as they finished eighth. Thuram notched 11 goals in all competitions, as Gladbach missed out on European football. The powerful forward can also play wide on the left and is also renowned for his link-up play. He made his France debut last November but has yet to score for his country. Subscribe for free to TEAMtalk’s daily newsletter… Tottenham have begun the search for attacking reinforcements following Kane’s revelation that he wanted out. At this stage, Daniel Levy is playing hardball over a potential exit. The Spurs chairman is refusing to entertain any offers for the England skipper. That may change when the Euros is over, if the 27-year-old’s feelings remain the same and a bidding war begins for the prolific frontman. But at least Levy is already looking to land alternative options if the worst-case scenario unfolds. RMC fails to mention a fee for Thuram, although transfermarkt currently has the player valued at €35million. READ MORE: Paratici lines up shock new Tottenham head coach in amazing swap story We’ve entered the £1million FanTeam Euro 2020 Fantasy tournament. Head to fanteam.co/TEAMtalk to compete against us.  The post Tottenham in advanced talks to sign powerhouse striker as Kane exit fears continue to grow appeared first on TEAMtalk. Managerless Tottenham keen on French winger Marcus ThuramJune 9, 2021In "Sports" Kane admits he has Pochettino dream, as Tottenham star asked about sensational returnJune 2, 2021In "Sports" The 10 best forwards going to Euro 2020June 4, 2021In "Sports"