Below are all the options to live stream Colombia vs Venezuela at Copa America 2021. There are several online platforms live streaming Colombia vs Venezuela for free, and a VPN will help you connect with those services from anywhere in the world. In our experience, ExpressVPN is the best service around. Sign up as follows. – Go to expressvpn.com – Click on ‘Get ExpressVPN’ – Choose plan – Enter email & payment details ExpressVPN offers all new users a free 30-day trial. That’s an unbeatable offer. If you’re in America, you can watch Colombia vs Venezuela online on FuboTV. Here are the FuboTV sign-up instructions: – Go to FuboTV – Fill in sign-up details (email, password & confirm ZIP) – Choose plan & add-ons – Checkout (start 7-day free trial) – Sit back & watch the match! If you live in the UK, you can watch Copa America 2021 for free on the BBC Sport Website and BBC iPlayer. In the UK, you can watch Copa America 2021 for free on the BBC Red Button. In America, English speakers can watch the competition on Fox Sports, while Spanish speakers can watch on Telemundo. Colombia take on Venezuela in the their second match in the Copa America on Thursday in the Brazilian city of Goiania. Reinaldo Rueda’s men edged out Ecuador 1-0 in their opener with Edwin Cardona scoring the only goal in the victory last Monday in Cuiaba, which made it three games unbeaten in all competitions. La Tricolor, who last won the Copa America in 2001, could make a few changes to the side last time out. Both Atlanta duo Duvan Zapata and Luis Muriel are likely be drafted in to lead the line having started on the bench against Ecuador. Tottenham centre-back Davinson Sanchez could replace Oscar Murillo of Mexican side Pachuca at the heart of defence. Venezuela, managed by Jose Peseiro, will be keen to get their first points on the board having been defeated by tournament hosts Brazil 3-0 in their first match on Sunday. La Vinotinto, who are now six games without a win in all competitions, continue to be without forward Josef Martinez who has tested positive for Covid-19, meaning Fernando Aristeguieta will continue to lead the line. MLS pair Jose Martinez and Cristian Casseres are likely to provide the width on both flanks. Both last faced each other in October 2020, with Colombia winning 3-0. Colombia have the upper hand as form suggests going into the clash, and they also have home advantage. A win for Rueda’s men is the likely outcome in this matchup. – 101 Great Goals may earn commission from links on this page. Our content is always original. Note that all of our reviewers are compensated for contributing content to 101 Great Goals. Learn more.