Tottenham fans will be keenly following Euro 2020 this summer as their club tries to rebuild for the 2021-22 season. Spurs salvaged a sliver of optimism on the final day of last season, as a 4-2 win at Leicester earned Tottenham a spot in the UEFA Conference League. However, as the summer begins, Spurs seem to be in disarray with a glut of top stars potentially ready to leave, while no-one has a clue who’ll be the club’s manager at the start of next season. With so much going on in north London, here are 10 things every Tottenham fan needs to watch out for this summer. The news which Tottenham fans were dreading surfaced towards the end of last season: Harry Kane has reportedly told the club that he wants to leave. Yet, while most seem to understand why Kane may want to leave Spurs, the club are in a strong position to retain the England #9. Kane has 3-years left on his contract. Kane’s future is guaranteed to be in the headlines throughout the summer. As a result, Spurs fans will be laser-focused on everything Kane says in every presser, post-match interview and on his social media channels. Some Spurs fans may feel conflicted about Kane this summer, they’ll no doubt be supporting all the way as he tries to lead Three Lions to their first major title since 1966.  England’s striker Harry Kane is presented with his Golden Boot award for being the top goal-scorer at the 2018 World Cup in Russia ahead of the UEFA Nations League football match between England and Spain at Wembley Stadium in London on September 8, 2018. (Photo by Glyn KIRK / AFP) / NOT FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING USE / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE (Photo credit should read GLYN KIRK/AFP via Getty Images) Bearing in mind that Kane might have played his final game for Spurs, Tottenham supporters will be forensically following Euro 2020 for possible striking alternatives to bring in. There will be a plethora of options on display, ranging from big hitters like Romelu Lukaku, who seems destined to reportedly rejoin Chelsea, or left-field targets like the Netherlands’s Wout Weghorst or Ukraine’s Roman Yaremchuk. Young Swedish striker Alexander Isak will be hoping to fill the void left by the injured Zlatan Ibrahimovic. The Real Sociedad forward could be a long-term investment for Spurs but a risk considering his young age. A more experienced and well-travelled option could be Portugal’s Andre Silva. The Frankfurt forward has spent time all across Europe but has smashed the Bundesliga this season scoring a bucket load of goals.  LISBON, PORTUGAL – OCTOBER 10: Andre Silva of Portugal celebrates after scores the second goal against Switzerland during the FIFA 2018 World Cup Qualifier between Portugal and Switzerland at the Luz Stadium on October 10, 2017 in Lisbon, Lisboa. (Photo by Octavio Passos/Getty Images) After Spurs sacked Jose Mourinho in the week ahead of the League Cup final, Ryan Mason took over and steered the club to a 7th place finish. However, it is not expected that Mason will take over permanently after the season’s conclusion and Daniel Levy will be on the lookout for a possible replacement. Could Levy use the European Championships as an opportunity to scout some talent? One of the managers who everyone is aware will be leaving their post is the Germany coach Joachim Low. Low was able to turn Germany into a World Cup winning side but will be replaced by former Bayern Munich Bundesliga and Champions League winner Hansi Flick. Spurs could look towards the German as a replacement for Jose Mourinho.  DUESSELDORF, GERMANY – MARCH 23: Joachim Low, Manager of Germany looks on prior to the International friendly match between Germany and Spain at Esprit-Arena on March 23, 2018 in Duesseldorf, Germany. (Photo by Matthias Hangst/Bongarts/Getty Images) After a difficult start under Jose Mourinho, Gareth Bale did show some flare towards the end of his time with Tottenham. Scoring a hat-trick and a brace in the final 6 games and entering double digits for goals in his 20 league appearances. There has been so far no indication of a return to Tottenham this summer, but few think Bale will ever be a starter again at Real Madrid. Even though Zinedine Zidane has now left the club, again. With his future up in the air, the Euros is a perfect opportunity for Bale to make his case for either Real, Spurs or another club who may wish to bring in the former Southampton man. It’s also worth noting the rumours which have suggested Bale may retire from football after Euro 2020. His commitment to Wales and his ambitions for his country have been unwavering. Can Bale help Wales overcome the odds in a group containing Italy, Turkey and Switzerland?  DUBLIN, IRELAND – MARCH 24: Gareth Bale of Wales discusses a missed chance with Chris Gunter of Wales after the FIFA 2018 World Cup Qualifier between Republic of Ireland and Wales at Aviva Stadium on March 24, 2017 in Dublin, Ireland. (Photo by Ian Walton/Getty Images) As mentioned, Wales have a very difficult group to try and overcome. Italy are by far the favourites to progress into the knockout rounds, while an invigorated Turkish side and an always-tricky Switzerland team will be huge tests for the Dragons. The Welsh national side has seen an increase in the number of Premier League quality players enter the squad and Spurs will see two representatives join up this summer. Joe Rodon, who has completed his debut season for Spurs, will line-up with Ben Davies in the Welsh defence. They’ll no doubt be kept very busy by the likes of Ciro Immobile, Burak Yilmaz and Xherdan Shaqiri. Ben Davies has seen minutes hard to come by since the arrival of Sergio Reguilon from Real Madrid. With the Spaniard not called up by his country, Luis Enrique instead opted for Jordi Alba and Jose Gaya, Davies has the chance to prove his worth for whoever ultimately takes the reins in north London. Rodon is seen very much as a prospective figure, who must overcome some experienced heads at the back. But, like Davies, he has a chance to show why his inclusion should be warranted.  LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND – SEPTEMBER 09: Ben Davies of Tottenham Hotspur during the Premier League match between Everton and Tottenham Hotspur at Goodison Park on September 9, 2017 in Liverpool, England. (Photo by Alex Livesey/Getty Images) Steven Bergwijn arrived at Spurs with a reputation of being one of the Eredivisie’s best talents. A left-winger who could both create, score goals and be versatile enough to play on the opposite flank. The issue has been that the form of Heung-min Son meant the left side has been locked down for Bergwijn. The right-hand side saw him compete with Lucas Moura and Erik Lamela for the position, however, the arrival of Gareth Bale from Real Madrid furthered complicated issues for the former PSV man. He was not particularly well-used by Mourinho and, even since the Special One’s sacking, Bergwijn has had to settle for frustratingly few minutes under Ryan Mason. The European Championships could be an opportunity for Bergwijn to show the incoming Spurs boss the asset he can be to the club. Playing with plenty of Eredivisie talents and former teammates such as Donyell Malen, Bergwijn could be the spark the Dutch need to progress. With Bale looking unlikely to return to Spurs, and Son’s future not confirmed, Bergwijn could yet see a route to become a regular for the side next season. Euro 2020 could be his catalyst.  LONDON, ENGLAND – FEBRUARY 02: Steven Bergwijn of Tottenham Hotspur claps the fans during the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester City at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on February 02, 2020 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) Tanguy Ndombele was a frustrated figure during Jose Mourinho’s spell at Tottenham, but the midfielder eventually did work his way back into the side, especially during the early stages of this season. However, once the Portuguese coach was sacked and Ryan Mason came in, Ndombele once again found opportunities hard to come by. This ultimately cost him his place in the French national side, despite being called up to the World Cup qualifying squad in March. Then, Ndombele played 82 minutes against Kazakhstan. Despite playing just 9 minutes with the French side in March, Didier Deschamps has called up Moussa Sissoko. Sissoko has 67 caps for Les Blues, but he wasn’t part of their 2018 World Cup winning side. Whether Deschamps has made the right choice in picking Sissoko and not Ndombele will be be interesting for Spurs fans to track.  LONDON, ENGLAND – DECEMBER 26: Moussa Sissoko of Tottenham Hotspur during the Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Brighton & Hove Albion at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on December 26, 2019 in London, United Kingdom. (Photo by Catherine Ivill/Getty Images) Tottenham Hotspur are being linked with a number of goalkeepers this summer with the future of Hugo Lloris yet to be decided. The World Cup winner has just one year left on his current deal and the 34-year old has been tipped for a move to PSG. Meanwhile, Spurs have been linked primarily with another goalkeeper who will be attending the European Championships: Stuttgart’s 23-year-old Swiss keeper Gregor Kobel. Kobel is unlikely to get much game time at the tournament, with the ever-present Yann Sommer between the Swiss sticks, but his call-up is a testament to his performances this season. Steve Manodanda and Mike Maignan have also had good seasons, the latter in particular who won the title with Lille before leaving for AC Milan. However, Lloris is still expected to start for France and he’ll be aiming to lift the European Championship trophy on July 11 at Wembley.  Hugo Lloris after the 2018 FIFA World Cup Final between France and Croatia at Luzhniki Stadium on July 15, 2018 in Moscow, Russia. Tottenham Hotspur fans have a lot of positive memories regarding Belgium defender Jan Vertonghen. So much so that many believe it was the wrong decision to let him leave. Vertonghen joined Spurs from Ajax in 2012, going onto make 232 league appearances before leaving for Benfica. Now 34, he has still been called up to the Belgian national side along with Toby Alderweireld. Vertonghen acts as a more versatile option for Belgium being able to play both centre-half and left-back. This could be one of the pair’s final tournaments together: Vertonghen, in particular, is 2-years older than Alderweireld. It could also be one of the best chances the country has at winning an international title with their top players reaching their late 20s and early 30s. Roberto Martinez will be relying on the pair to provide much needed quality to the defence.  BRUSSELS, BELGIUM – JUNE 05: Jan Vertonghen of Belgium looks on during the International Friendly match between Belgium and Czech Republic at Stade Roi Baudouis on June 5, 2017 in Brussels, Belgium. (Photo by Dean Mouhtaropoulos/Getty Images) It is not only the striking department that Tottenham are interested in bringing reinforcements for this summer. With the aforementioned Toby Alderweireld reaching the end of his top-level career, Spurs are looking at investing in the central defensive area of the pitch. The player who has been reportedly targeted as their priority this summer is Lyon defender Joachim Andersen who spent the season on loan at Fulham. Despite his strong performances, he was unable to prevent relegation. Anderson will be on display this summer for Denmark, playing alongside or rotating with Simon Kjaer and Andreas Christiansen. Tottenham fans should take note of his consistency at the back, his tough tackling and strong aerial abilities. Could he be the man to replace the reliable Alderweireld in north London?  LONDON, ENGLAND – MARCH 19: Joachim Andersen of Fulham (C) celebrates with teammates after scoring their team’s first goal during the Premier League match between Fulham and Leeds United at Craven Cottage on March 19, 2021 in London, England. Sporting stadiums around the UK remain under strict restrictions due to the Coronavirus Pandemic as Government social distancing laws prohibit fans inside venues resulting in games being played behind closed doors. (Photo by Justin Setterfield/Getty Images) Tottenham in advanced talks to sign powerhouse striker as Kane exit fears continue to growJune 10, 2021In "Sports" Shearer feels Kane decision ‘already made’; makes big summer predictionJune 2, 2021In "Sports" Tottenham ready to offer £14m bargain Real Madrid attacking star three-year contractJune 7, 2021In "Sports"