 The Lagos State Ministry of Tourism, Arts and Culture has urged youths with creative ideas to key into the various initiatives and opportunities provided by the State government to develop, promote and bring their ideas to reality. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Princess Adenike Adedoyin-Ajayi, made the call during a Runway Fashion Show organised by Prostreetsnooker, a sport, music and fashion-oriented brand, in collaboration with the Ministry over the weekend in Ikeja, Lagos. She said that the event was initiated to encourage youths to embrace the various initiatives the government had put in place in the entertainment industry, especially in the film and video sector. Adedoyin-Ajayi said the Ministry would continue to provide opportunities for young entrepreneurs to excel in tourism, arts and culture. Her words: “The government is in the business of creating an enabling environment for people to thrive and showcase their talents. It is also our duty to ensure that talented youths have an enabling environment for them to thrive. That is why we have created this platform for them. I advise youths to come out and tap into some of the value chain empowerment programmes that have to do with creative arts and tourism”. Also, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Tourism, Arts and Culture, Mr. Tunji Seymour, said there was a need for talented youths to come out with their different creative ideas, noting that the government would support and encourage them. Also speaking, the Chief Executive Officer, Prostreersnooker, Mr. Yemi Ogunleye, said the event, which featured 10 fashion houses, was aimed at promoting creativity and entrepreneurship among young Nigerians. He urged youths not to limit themselves and be determined to explore and exploit various opportunities in the country. Ogunleye said, “This is the maiden edition and we are here with the support of the Lagos State Government, through the Ministry of Tourism, Arts and Culture, to promote and showcase upcoming and ready-made brands to the global market. It is a platform where both upcoming and established designers come together to share knowledge and creativity”. “We are trying to sell Nigeria and African products to the global world, so people can get to see that we have quality clothes in Nigeria. This is also a way of encouraging Nigerians to grow the economy by patronising Made-in-Nigeria products”, Ogunleye said. Kolawole Yusuf, President, Fashion Designers Association of Nigeria (FADAN), said the event was targeted at upcoming designers, noting that the fashion industry keeps growing, irrespective of the economic challenges in the country. He, therefore, urged the government at all levels to support the sector and make it a thriving business in Africa and globally, appealing for the creation of a fashion production hub where designers could create, showcase and sell their growing brands. “We urge governments to create an enabling environment for fashion designers to thrive more”, Yusuf added. The post LASG URGES TALENTED YOUTHS TO EMBRACE TOURISM INITIATIVES appeared first on Lagos Television. Lagos News. Politics. Entertainment. Events..