A somewhat surprising managerial change took place earlier this month when Carlo Ancelotti would leave Everton to re-join Real Madrid. Ancelotti had previously been in charge at the Bernabeu between 2013 and 2015, during which time the Italian guided Madrid to a Champions League triumph, a UEFA Super Cup, a Club World Cup victory and a Copa del Rey. And late on June 1st, the news that Ancelotti had returned to Madrid was confirmed by Everton: Everton can confirm that Carlo Ancelotti has left his position as manager to take up the role of Head Coach at Real Madrid. — Everton (@Everton) June 1, 2021  This, of course, meant Everton now had to find themselves a new boss ahead of 2021/22. And thus far a number of names, including David Moyes, Eddie Howe and Nuno Espirito Santo have been linked. The former of that trio has since signed a new three-year deal with West Ham. Nuno, meanwhile, was said to have been close to landing the job last week, but little news on that front has been forthcoming since. Instead, another name has now come into the fray. That man being former Liverpool manager, Rafa Benitez. According to a report from The Times, Everton have held further talks with the Spaniard over the role. It is added that Benitez had initial talks with the Toffees’ owner last week. The news that Benitez could be set to take over at Goodison Park has, unsurprisingly, not gone down too well with some Everton fans. Benitez is, as already mentioned, an ex-boss of Everton’s bitter rivals, Liverpool. He is also not exactly known for his exciting brand of football. And now, Everton fans have taken to social media to let their feelings on a potential Benitez appointment be known, with just some of the tweets showcased below: I cannot stand the idea of Benitez at Everton … And I come from a position that was solidly not arsed who we got in. It appears I am arsed …. my stance is now Anyone but Benitez .. — TizMe (@Michael80434708) June 16, 2021  Absolutely disgusted with Everton if they appoint Benítez — Richard Lloyd (@Richlloyd1984) June 16, 2021  Will be giving away my season ticket — Steven Pointon (@S_Pointon90) June 16, 2021  I can’t stress to you all enough just how much of a low point it would be to appoint Rafa Benitez as manager of our Football Club — The Toffee Blues (@EvertonNewsFeed) June 15, 2021  Rafa Benitez…… #UHTPodcast #EFC #COYB #Everton pic.twitter.com/u7OwE4Bacr — The Unholy Trinity Everton Podcast (@UHTPodcast) June 16, 2021  Italy vs Switzerland live streaming: Watch Euro 2020 online, TV channel and listen on radio Italy vs Switzerland betting tips: Preview, predictions & odds