 Patricio has been a useful custodian for Wolves since joining them after their promotion to the Premier League in 2018. One of the most high-profile Jorge Mendes clients to have joined the club in recent years, he has only missed two league games in the three years since his move. But his time at Molineux may be coming to an end. Only one year remains on his contract and with head coach Nuno Espirito Santo having been replaced by Bruno Lage, it could be a summer of change for the Midlands club. Patricio is a major target for Jose Mourinho at Roma. Signing a new goalkeeper is a priority for the Italian club as they prepare to welcome their new coach and his Portuguese compatriot is the man they want. With that in mind, Patricio has already reportedly told Wolves he wants to leave. Personal terms are already agreed, leaving the two clubs to negotiate. So far, there has been distance between what Roma are willing to offer and what Wolves want to receive. But they now seem close to a compromise. According to Corriere Dello Sport, Mourinho has convinced Roma’s directors to make a new offer for Patricio. An agreement is “in the pipeline” for a fee of around €6m plus bonuses. Wolves may have been hoping to bank more, with reports previously suggesting they wanted double that. But given his contractual situation and desire to move, they may have to relent. Therefore, some Italian sources are claiming it is as good as a done deal. However, it is only likely to go through after Euro 2020, where Patricio is currently representing Portugal. Seemingly resigned to their fate, Wolves will now be on the lookout for a replacement for Patricio. A number of names have already been linked, with one of the latest coming as part of a suggestion that they may make two signings for the position. With John Ruddy’s future also likely away from Molineux as his contract expires, Wolves will have two roles to fill for keepers. As such, they have identified someone already in the Premier League as a potential reinforcement. But it would only be half of the plan. READ MORE: Wolves look at Leicester man amid plan to sign two players for one position window.dojoRequire(["mojo/signup-forms/Loader"], function(L) { L.start({"baseUrl":"mc.us2.list-manage.com","uuid":"0dbf0c85a1d332bd7bb792371","lid":"9014791a03","uniqueMethods":true}) }) The post Deal almost done as Wolves relent upon receiving new offer for key man appeared first on TEAMtalk.