Determined to promote a healthy lifestyle for Nigerians through the process of cycling and in commemoration of the World Bicycle Day, Cycology Riding Club organized an awareness ride across Lagos. Temitope George, membership secretary, Cycology Club of Nigeria said the club was founded with the aim of using the bicycle as a tool for a healthy lifestyle and creating social impact. George said the World Bicycle Day is an initiative of the United Nations to celebrate the bicycle as a safe, affordable and reliable means of transportation, adding that since the first declaration on June 3, 2018, Cycology Club have been celebrating the day each year. According to George, “One of our objectives as a club is promoting healthy living through cycling and creating social impact, as part of our corporate social responsibility initiative, we provided bicycles for girls who had to work long distances to get to school in rural areas.” She noted that the donation was done in partnership with the Africa Cycling Foundation. Speaking on the activities lined up to mark the day, George said the club is partnering with the Lagos State Ministry of Transportation to drive the share the road awareness campaign to sensitise motorists to know that cyclists also have equal rights to the roads. Gboyega Durojaiye, vice-captain, Internal Rides said the event is about sensitizing Nigerians to see cycling not just as a sporting activity, but as a way of life. According to him, “A lot of times people see cycling only as a sport, but we are trying to introduce cycling to Nigerians as a way of life with immense health benefits” He noted that it is important for people to know the various health benefits that they can derive from cycling, aside from the fact that it is also classified as a sport. However, it is a sport that lightens the whole body system. Durojaiye noted that through various activities by Nigerian Cyclist clubs are sending the right message about the health benefits of cycling, by so doing ensure Nigerians live healthy for the economic benefit to the nation.  