 De Vega was a target for Tottenham last summer, when reports went as far as suggesting he was dreaming of joining Spurs. In the end, that failed to materialise, as Barcelona blocked the move. However, De Vega has not faded from Tottenham’s minds since then. After playing for Barcelona’s B team last season, De Vega should now be considering his future at senior level. The Brazilian is 21 years old, so will be hoping to make a step up at some point. If Barcelona cannot guarantee him a first-team place, he may have to consider a move away. And it seems his supposed dream route to Tottenham may still be open, despite their lack of a manager. According to Diario Sport, Spurs still possess a “strong interest” in the midfielder. They are yet to make a formal offer this summer, but there is plenty of time for them to do so if they wish. If they do want De Vega, they will have to beat competition from FC Cartagena and Real Zaragoza, who both want him on loan. But in an even tougher challenge, they will have to force Barcelona to change their plans. The Catalan outfit want De Vega to keep developing with their B team, who are preparing for a new season under a new coach. De Vega is seen as one of the players who will be important for their third-tier campaign. Therefore, Tottenham could be warned away again. However, his contract expires in 2022, so De Vega could start listening to offers from teams outside of Spain from January onwards. By then, Tottenham may finally have a window of opportunity. But to prevent that, Barcelona are working on tying De Vega down to a contract extension. Hence, Tottenham look set to miss out for the third summer in a row, after also trying to sign him in 2019 and 2020. But the new contract is not official yet, so there could still be hope. The most important piece of business on the agenda for Tottenham at the minute is finding a new manager. Spurs have been without a permanent head coach since sacking Jose Mourinho in April. Ryan Mason saw out the season on an interim basis but is not in contention for the full-time role. Subscribe for free to TEAMtalk’s daily newsletter… But Tottenham have faced disappointment in their pursuits of most of their manager targets. Antonio Conte, Julen Lopetegui, Paulo Fonseca and Gennaro Gattuso have all been on their radar, only for each deal to fall through. Now, they have backtracked their plans by reverting to a candidate who was mentioned a number of weeks back. This time, it looks like they might just get their man. READ MORE: Paratici making final checks as Tottenham finally close on big-name new boss window.dojoRequire(["mojo/signup-forms/Loader"], function(L) { L.start({"baseUrl":"mc.us2.list-manage.com","uuid":"0dbf0c85a1d332bd7bb792371","lid":"9014791a03","uniqueMethods":true}) }) The post Tottenham persistent in pursuit of Barcelona midfield starlet appeared first on TEAMtalk.