In a renewed campaign to upgrade public infrastructure, the Lagos State government has commenced the retrofitting of streetlights from high pressure sodium bulb (HPS) to light emitting diode (LED) across the state. Announcing this in a statement, the general manager, Lagos State Electricity Board (LSEB), Mukhtaar Tijani explained that the LED lighting system was in line with the present administration’s effort to have a smart electricity network that will improve the socio-economic resilience of the city. According to Tijani, government’s commitment to making Lagos a 21st century economy is anchored on optical policies that guarantee decent lightening structure, effective utilisation of resources and simultaneous investment incentives and innovation. The GM noted that to make a profound impact in the drive towards power sustainability and optimisation of energy use in the state, significant change in investment is required, and the electricity board is appropriately adopting this conventional scheme to promote energy efficiency and management. Describing the concept of the upgrade, Tijani stated that considering the technical requirements, installation design and safety standard, the upgrade will afford the State to utilise energy in an environmentally responsible manner and achieve mass energy saving. “The light emitting diode is a rapidly-developing technology that is reshaping the energy sustainability landscape of the world, balancing economic growth and social progress with the preservation of the natural environment”, he observed. He further affirmed that the adoption of this form of resourceful energy practice in public spaces across the state would enhance operating efficiency and improve business practices. While speaking on the efficacy of the new scheme, the general manager pointed out that the transformation in the sector particularly the array of health benefits improvement of human wellbeing as a result of the significant reduction of Co2 emission. “The diodes have touched new heights in the lighting industry with their exceptional energy efficiency, high luminous output, marathon longer working life, longevity, low maintenance cost and eco-friendly applications”, he assured. Tijani explained that the government was also considering private investment in the retrofitting programme, submitting that the present focus of LSEB is to ensure public lighting infrastructure delivered in Lagos meet world standards in quality, energy efficiency and aesthetics. He stated that the government would be leveraging on private sector capital investments to expand the street lighting structure and model it to create sufficient regeneration protocol as it is been done in developed countries. Over 4,500 Nigerians Already Killed In 2021 By Bandits, Others—NLC, Civil Societies Say On National Mourning DayMay 29, 2021In "Breaking News" APC unveils candidates for Lagos council pollJune 4, 2021In "Business" Adebukola Agbaminoja, Executive Secretary of the Lagos State Film and Video Censors BoardJune 4, 2021In "Business"