 A remarkable story is unfolding in South America on Saturday, surrounding Venezuela’s Copa America squad. After being postponed due to the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic last summer, the Copa, like the European Championships, has been pencilled in to take place over the weeks ahead. The tournament is scheduled to get underway on Sunday night, before concluding on the 11th of July. The giants of South American football have, as expected, all secured qualification, with hosts Brazil set to be joined in their efforts to clinch glory by the likes of Argentina, Uruguay, Chile and Colombia.  SANTIAGO DEL ESTERO, ARGENTINA – JUNE 03: Lionel Messi of Argentina celebrates after scoring the opening goal of his team with Rodrigo De Paul during a match between Argentina and Chile as part of South American Qualifiers for Qatar 2022 at Estadio Unico Madre de Ciudades on June 03, 2021 in Santiago del Estero, Argentina. (Photo by Juan Mabromata – Pool/Getty Images) Ahead of the Copa getting underway, however, unfortunately, it has not been the upcoming action itself which has taken centre stage. Instead, it has been the concerning Covid-19 situation across South America. The competition was actually originally due to be held in Colombia, only for it to later be moved to Argentina. Following a fresh surge in Covid cases, however, it was then decided that Argentina was no longer safe, forcing a further switch to Brazil. And now, on the eve of the tournament getting underway, yet more chaos has begun to unfold. As confirmed on Saturday evening, ahead of their scheduled meeting with hosts Brazil, Venezuela have had an outbreak of Covid cases within their squad. As per The Athletic, citing Brazilian outlet Globo, no less than twelve members of the Venezuelan travelling party have returned positive tests. This figure is made up of a minimum of five players, including captain Thomas Rincon, with it as of yet unclear whether the remaining seven consists of members of Jose Peseiro’s squad, or staff members. In turn, 14 new players have been called up to the Venezuela squad, and are now bound for Brasilia. The Copa America was already a nightmare. Now 12 members of Venezuela’s delegation have tested positive for coronavirus ahead of tomorrow’s opener against new host Brazil. 14 new players are now on a charter to Brasilia join the squad. Chaos. — tariq panja (@tariqpanja) June 12, 2021  News of the outbreak has since swiftly been followed by confirmation that Bolivia are too dealing with a Covid headache, after four members of the country’s squad tested positive ahead of their Copa opener versus Paraguay: Bolivian media reporting they now have four positives before their opening game v Paraguay on Tuesday. — tariq panja (@tariqpanja) June 12, 2021   