 In a joint statement issued on Saturday, the diplomatic missions of Canada, the European Union (Delegation to Nigeria), the Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America said the decision was not the answer as it does not support the freedom of expression and inhibits access to information at time when Nigeria needs to foster inclusive dialogue. The foreign missions said it could also deter Nigeria from achieving the much-desired peace. “The diplomatic missions of Canada, the European Union (Delegation to Nigeria), the Republic of Ireland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America convey our disappointment over the Government of Nigeria’s announcement suspending #Twitter and proposing registration requirements for other social media,” they said in the joint statement. “We strongly support the fundamental human right of free expression and access to information as a pillar of democracy in Nigeria as around the world and these rights apply online as well as offline. “Banning systems of expression is not the answer. These measures inhibit access to information and commerce at precisely the moment when Nigeria needs to foster inclusive dialogue and expression of opinions, as well as share vital information in this time of the COVID-19 pandemic. “The path to a more secure Nigeria lies in more, not less, communication to accompany the concerted efforts of Nigeria’s citizens in fulsome dialogue toward unity, peace and prosperity. “As Nigeria’s partners, we stand ready to assist in achieving these goals,” they said. President Muhammadu Buhari had on Friday ordered the indefinite suspension of Twitters operations in Nigeria following the social networking service’s deletion of Buhari’s June 1 tweet that it found offensive. The tweet was adjudged to have evoked the sad memories of the Nigeria-Biafra civil war in which over 3 million people were said to have been killed. The suspension of Twitter in Nigeria became effective in the early hours of Saturday, June 5. "We Are Disappointed"—Canada, Ireland, EU, UK, US  Release Joint Statement On Twitter Ban In NigeriaJune 6, 2021In "Slider 1" Gbajabiamila Seeks Stronger Diplomatic Ties With CanadaJune 4, 2021In "Slider 1" Gbajabiamila Seeks Stronger Diplomatic Ties With CanadaJune 4, 2021In "Breaking News"