Former Manchester United and England captain Wayne Rooney has said that Gareth Southgate should drop Jack Grealish for the important last 16 match against Germany. Grealish has been a fan favourite for the England team and many supporters have wanted to see him start for the Three Lions in all of their matches. He started the match against the Czech Republic and along with Arsenal youngster Bukayo Saka, he was by far one of the best on the pitch. Grealish crossed the ball for Sterling to score the only goal of the match and looked lively down England’s left flank.  Romania’s Vlad Chiriches (left) and England’s Jack Grealish battle for the ball during the international friendly match at Riverside Stadium, Middlesbrough. Picture date: Sunday June 6, 2021. (Photo by Lee Smith/PA Images via Getty Images) However Rooney feels Germany’s system is the reason why he should be dropped. “Germany play three at the back with a high line and what they try to do is almost suffocate you. They pass side to side, get the ball in wide areas, come back and go all the way out to the other flank, then get balls into the penalty area,” he said. “And when you win it, they want you to play a pass to feet because that means — with their line pushed right up — they can go and press you high up the pitch.” Interestingly, Rooney has suggested that former Manchester United teammate Marcus Rashford should start the game and described him as tailor-made for the fixture. “Rashford is ideal for the job and one of Raheem Sterling, Bukayo Saka or Jadon Sancho would complete my forward line. Raheem has been in brilliant form and Saka impressed against the Czechs, while Sancho knows the German players the best, so I don’t think you could lose with whichever option you chose.”  RIJEKA, CROATIA – OCTOBER 12: (EDITORSNOTE:Image has been digitally enhanced.) Marcus Rashford of England looks on during the UEFA Nations League A group four match between Croatia and England at on October 12, 2018 in Rijeka, Croatia. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images) The current Derby County boss makes a good point regarding Sancho who does play in Germany and therefore knows the ins and outs of many of England’s opponents on Tuesday. However, it seems that Southgate has been reluctant to use the Borussia Dortmund winger who is seemingly moving ever closer to a move to Manchester United. Manchester United are getting closer to agreeing a deal to sign Jadon Sancho from Borussia Dortmund. — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) June 26, 2021  It is likely that Southgate will once again choose to go with Raheem Sterling after he is the only goal scorer for England in the entire tournament so far – with goals against both Croatia and the Czech Republic. As mentioned, Saka put in a man of the match performance in the final group game of the tournament and positioned himself well in Southgate’s thoughts too.