Wednesday will see the second Matchday of Euro Fantasy Football begin. And, unlike Tuesday, we will once again see three outings taking place with 2 PM, 5 PM and 8 PM kick-offs times in the UK. The first clash of the day will see Finland and Russia face off. The former picked up a surprise win vs Denmark last time out and they could potentially secure 2nd spot in Group B with a win on Wednesday. Turkey and Wales are then set to face off at 5PM, with both sides in desperate need of a win to keep their hopes of securing a top-two spot in their group alive. And the final game of the day will see Italy, who seriously impressed in their opening tie vs Turkey, take on Switzerland. Finland: Jukka Raitala picked up a calf injury at the end of Finland’s win over Denmark and is now a doubt for Wednesday’s game. Russia: Andrey Mostovoy has left the Russia camp after testing positive for Covid-19. Daler Kuzyaev is a doubt for Wednesday’s game after he suffered a head injury in the first 45 of their loss to Belgium. Yuri Zhirkov was also forced off vs Belgium with a muscle injury and is being assessed. No further details have been provided yet. Turkey: Turkey have no injury concerns ahead of facing off with Wales. Wales: Wales have no injury issues ahead of facing Turkey. Italy: Alessandro Florenzi suffered a calf injury vs Turkey and is a doubt to face Switzerland. Marcos Verratti is making good progress after recovering from a knee issue back in May but his involvement vs Switzerland is not nailed-on at present. Switzerland: Switzerland have no known injury issues at present. Leonardo Spinazzola, Italy (5.5m) Ahead of Euro 2020 getting underway, Italy looked set to be one of the best sides to chose defensive options from. And, vs Turkey, Leonardo Spinazzola proved that was indeed the case. The left-back, of course, earned a clean sheet as Italy secured a dominant win over Turkey. But Spinazzola was also actually one of Italy’s more dangerous attacking threats against Turkey, earning himself an assist on the day. So, with Italy also expected to dominate Switzerland, the Roma defender once again looks set to be a great EFF pick this week. Ciro Immobile, Italy (10m) As we have already detailed on site, the majority of Italy’s attacking play was expected to go through Ciro Immobile. And, vs Turkey, that indeed proved to be the case. The Lazio hitman scored one and provided an assist as Gli Azzurri put three past Turkey, earning Immobile nine points from MD1. Only Romelu Lukaku and Cristiano Ronaldo outscored the Italian from all forwards during the first round of games. At 10m, Immobile does look to represent a really smart choice for your side. Lukas Hradecky, Finland (4m) Finland picked up a 1-0 win over Denmark this past weekend. Finland had just one shot all game, but were able to hold out for the win thanks to some serious heroics from Lukas Hradecky. The keeper made countless saves and was rewarded for his efforts with a staggering 12 points on EFF. And, with Russia arguably a weaker side than Denmark, could we once again see Hradecky impressing this match week? Italy are, by quite some distance, the best side in action on June 16th. So, it would make sense to have one of their players as your captain. And, with Immobile so key to Roberto Mancini’s attack, he is likely to be your best choice. Italy vs Switzerland betting tips: Preview, predictions & odds