Manchester City, in recent years of course, have not been shy about splashing the cash. Just last summer, for example, the Citizens are believed to have coughed up £41m for Nathan Ake, who was never likely to act as a first-choice player at the Etihad. The Sky Blues are then believed to have forked over a staggering £65m to bring former Benfica standout Ruben Dias to Manchester. Ferran Torres was also brought in from Valencia over the summer. On the back of such a hefty outlay, fans of the Citizens may have been expecting a slightly quieter window following the campaign’s end this time around. However, if the aforementioned report from the Telegraph is to be believed, then City in fact look set for a major summer of spending. It is claimed that the board at the Etihad are willing to sanction a £200m spree, to bolster Pep Guardiola’s squad ahead of the 2021/22 season: Pep Guardiola to oversee Man City’s £200m summer transfer spree | @mcgrathmike reports https://t.co/zdGvXTJWuS — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) January 17, 2021 Where, though, do City need to invest this money? With Dias and Ake having arrived over the summer, coupled with Aymeric Laporte and the recent revival of John Stones, the Sky Blues look set at centre-half. They also have a plethora of attacking midfield/wide options to choose from as things stand. However, it is hard to argue that City do not need to reinforce at left-back. Joao Cancelo has impressed there this season. But he is a right-back by trade, and outside of the Portuguese, City don’t have too much quality on the left of their backline. Elsewhere, with Sergio Aguero getting on in years and having endured fitness issues of late, a new centre-forward should probably be in the Manchester powerhouse’s plans. Finally, with Fernandinho’s contract set to expire in the summer, a defensive-minded midfielder will also likely be on Guardiola’s wishlist. See also: Man City handed advantage in Premier League title race following Man United’s Anfield stalemate Sassuolo chief confirms Man City-linked Locatelli will be staying put this month Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.