Keep your mails coming to theeditor@football365.com. And we can leave Paddy alone now, poor guy’s copped enough… We’re here for you Avery. Stay strong.For the last 11 years I’ve opened up football365 every morning, lunch and evening to read the fantastic mailbox and hilarious comments down below. Luck to have been published a few times myself (pats self on the back). Usually this is my daily routine and it’s been ingrained in me, however this last 11 days have been different. You see in the last 11 days we have had 3 deaths in my family, 2 from C-19. 11 days. Tomorrow I bury my my wife’s granddad who we have been taking of for the last 6 years. Usually football is my escape, helping me forget about any stresses in life, these last 11 days it’s the only real outlet I have, even if for a few minutes, to get my mind of things. Seeing United top the table for the first time in forever even put a smile on my face, it won’t last but I’ll smile today. What I really wanted to say is thank you to all of you who contribute daily to this site, whether you are part of the Football365 team or a mailbox contributor or a vukkleverse comment or below, you have all helped me get through a tough time and I feel you will do it again. Have a great day people and stay safe.Avery JHB. Oh, Clatts…Well what do you know, my mail yesterday seems to have got an army of Utd fans foaming at the mouth, many of whom accuse me of being delusional. Well it seems we have even more evidence this morning. I’ve just had to re-read ALL of what Mark Clattenberg has said in the press this morning. By attempting, in a ham-fisted way, to accuse Klopp of trying to influence referees, he has just openly confessed to making favourable decisions in Man Utd’s favour because of Alex Ferguson. Seems I was right.Dale (We need overseas Referees) Marlow So Clattenburg admits that in the Fergie years Man U received some favourable decisions due to the aura (and power and intimidation) Fergie ruled with. In other news water is wet!Rich (AFC) United are good, deal with itManchester United being top of the league really is emotive for some isn’t? Particularly those who are adamant they are shit, like a Trump supporter who won’t let go, some people (particularly journalists) won’t accept what is slapping them in the face… Manchester United are a good football team, deal with it. United are a peculiar case generally in English football, the 2011 champions who also reached the champions league final were often claimed to be weak champions, Ferguson’s last team it was often claimed only won the league because of a new striker and a weakened City side. Every time the modern United progress it is never really acknowledged properly. Personally I think this is a mixture of bitterness, jealousy and glee at recent poorer years. United might not win the league, probably won’t but this is clearly a good team with lots of goals in them who are exciting to watch. Hopefully someone will give Ole credit for that in the near future but probably not, frankly who cares, as a United fan I just want to enjoy the ride and for the first time in years, I am.Rob, Guangzhou Like many Man Utd fans I’m sure, I’m revelling in the emails from fans of rival clubs explaining in detail exactly why Man Utd don’t *deserve* to be top of the league. This level of whining feels like a throwback to a bygone era. One thing I do remember from those times is to not take too seriously the criticisms from fans of clubs lower in the table than yours. So until such time that the number next to the words “Manchester United” does not start, end and solely comprise of the number one, I would like to kindly invite the fans of other clubs to stick to topics that perhaps they are more familiar with – like net spend, why Arteta is actually a tactical genius or how Fat Frank is, in fact, overachieving. Kind regards from the top.Thomas, MUFC (obviously) Well done F365 for cheekily putting the mail about Man United being “given” the title at the top of the mailbox – I greatly enjoyed it. Let’s assume that it all actually comes true. Then hypothetically, a few months from today, “Penchester United”, managed by Sir Olex, are champions thanks to a league-wide conspiracy where Liverpool get none of the decisions and we get all of them (but what about City, you ask? I don’t know; the mail didn’t cover them). Naturally, this means that Bruno Penandes has scored a decent amount of complimentary penalties. Assuming the conspiracy extends to the FA Cup as well, we’re maybe in the final there. If all of this does indeed happen, spare a thought for poor Ed Woodward. He struck a pretty decent deal for Fernandes, getting him for under 50m up front, plus add-ons of around 20m. If United win in his first full season, and he’s in contention for the best player awards – say the Ballon D’Or, theoretically – Woodward might actually have to shell out all that extra cash. Oh the joy. Of all the reasons I want United to win, this one is at the bottom, but it’s still on the list.Akhil, Man Utd, Delhi The hope will kill United fansIn response to Tom (OleIn) and his horsesh*t analogy. Has everyone forgotten that this Utd team was dumped out of the Champions League last month? Cast down with the Arsenals and Dundalk’s of the world. That is the level this team is at and it won’t come close to winning the league. The Gangly foal will almost certainly find its footing very soon….in the Europa league! It’s the hope that kills you Tom!Dan, Dublin Ready Paddy?Paddy from Australia. What does Fernandes do apart from score goals and create goals?. I have read this website for years but this must be the worst take. What does Van Djik do bye make tackles and stop goal going into his teams net? Please do better in future.Tosin, Bristol. Paddy, Ireland raised a really interesting point which got me thinking… Other than score and create what does Cristiano Ronaldo actually do? Other than stopping the ball go in the net what does Manuel Neuer really do guys eh? I think he’s on to something…James, Kent. Paddy, Australia must be a baiting Liverpool fan but let’s answer his question of what would Fernandes be without goals and assists? Then he would be a terrible player. What would happen to Kane or Son or Salah or De Bruyne if you took away all their goals and assists. Same answer. What if you took away all a goalkeepers saves? Or a defenders tackles and blocked Shots? Same answer. Well done Paddy, that has to be the most stupid mail I’ve ever seen and there’s been some stiff competition of late.Jon, Cape Town (Bruno is doing what he was bought to do, and then some) I bought a new OLED TV at Christmas, so I take no great pleasure in musing this, but I have to say I’m a little worried about it down the line. I know I could get scythed down over this, but I’m not that overly impressed with it. Look, the picture is amazing and the sound is simply fabulous, but outside of seeing Planet Earth at an INCREDIBLE resolution with crystal clear narration from Sir Dave, it doesn’t do an awful lot. I asked it to make a mushroom omelette and it just stared at me, motionless. And don’t even get me started about the incredibly one sided conversation I had the other day when I tried to discuss the Fermi paradox with it. See this is a weird one, the TV absolutely delivers in all the areas I want it to, but what I’m asking is, if I were to need a lift to Morrisons next Tuesday, what use is it?Chris, (it really is a great TV) Stourbridge How I imagine this afternoon’s mailbox going… Paddy: Yeah. All right. Don’t labour the point. What has Bruno Fernandes ever done for us? Mailbox: Goals? Paddy: What? Mailbox: 11 goals in the league league so far. Paddy: Oh. Yeah, yeah. He does score goals. Uh, that’s true. Yeah. Mailbox: And the assists. Paddy: Yeah. All right. I’ll grant you the goals and the assists are two things that the Fernandes does. Mailbox: And the penalties.Paddy: Well, yeah. Obviously the penalties. I mean, the penalties go without saying, don’t they? But apart from the goals, the assists, and the penalties– Mailbox: 4th in chances created this season.. Mailbox 2: 2nd in key passes. Paddy: Yeah, yeah. All right. Fair enough. Mailbox: And the big game performances. Mailbox 2: Yeah. Yeah, that’s something we’d really miss, Paddy, if Fernandes left. Huh. Mailbox 3: And he shows leadership Paddy. Mailbox 2: Yeah, Let’s face it. before Fernandes, there was a clear absence of leadership on the pitch. Paddy: All right, but apart from the goals, the assists, the key passes, the chances created. the penalties, the big game performances and the leadership, what has Bruno Fernandes ever done for us? Mailbox: Put us top of the league? REG: Oh Shut up!Mike, LFC, London Paddy, Australia makes a great point, whilst also making himself a bit silly (sorry Paddy). Obviously the goals and assists from Fernandes are a major contributor to where United are in the table, but I also think his presence are what has cost United in many games this season.He is incredibly spurious in possession, misplacing short passes more than anyone else in the league (11.1/game). The next player on the list that has any creative responsibility is KDB, who misplaced around 30% few passes. Add in his “unsuccessful touch” (1.5) and “dispossessed” (0.9) and long balls (2.2) and he alone is costing an average of 16 possessions a game. This contributes to United not being able to outpossess other teams, and gives the opposition plenty of chances to get at them. I also think that if other players took Fernandes’ tactic of trying a glory pass every time you get the ball, they’d get more assists, but not necessarily more points. Personally, I still think a properly utilised Pogba, behind a properly set up front line would be a better choice for winning trophies (or semi-finals at least). But end of the day, suppose you can’t knock it whilst it works. I think United should be more fearful about a drop off in form though (as he will always get played) than him actually being injured, as they may have some semblance of control then.KC If my auntie had testiclesHad a little chuckle at James Outram’s email there… One man’s defender being climbed on is another’s midfielder being played out of position not challenging for the ball and being easily and fairly beaten in the air…. One man’s Mane penalty at Newcastle is another man’s you’re not actually allowed to run over the top of the goalkeeper and impede him… One man’s Mane penalty at Southampton is ankther’s Mane running into a defender who was just holding his position and never initiating contact with the attacker… Your assessment is correct though, if all those decisions were given in Liverpool’s favour you may have more points… they shouldn’t have been though, and correctly weren’t, so… yeah. You’ve raised a classic “if my auntie has testicles” argument there my friend. Liverpool didn’t win those games and didn’t deserve to. Maybe good or bad luck has been a factor, but it was ever thus. Last season Liverpool were not the all conquering football behemoth they’re romanticised as. They won plenty of games playing badly, 14 games by a one goal margin and I’m sure they contained plenty of sliding door moments where fans of the other team may say “if only that pen was given…” To be clear, that’s not a criticism, I fully believe last season Liverpool were the best team in the league by some margin. If a marginal call went against them, they would have found a way to win anyway in enough of those games. They aren’t doing that this season. Rather than the grind it out method favoured last year, Klopp’s opted for the drop points and whine about it method. The Trump method, if you will. His base will accept it and that will mollify the faithful and help him keep his pride, but at the end of the day, he didn’t win! Unless he sorts it out, Klopp won’t win either. For balance, hope I’m wrong but United won’t win it either. Everyone had a good chuckle when United were down in 9th but everyone knew it was misleading with those games in hand. When City have caught up in fixtures they’ll close that gap, leapfrog Liverpool and clearly have the quality to overhaul United. For now, I’m just enjoying the relative success and hoping for the best!Andy (MUFC)Ps. Jurgen is a charlatan! Marketing a beer by pretending the head should be half the glass is a scam! Liverpool’s lucky injuries?In response to James Outram in this mornings mailbox, Liverpool lost 7-2 to Aston Villa with VVD and Gomez as their centre back pairing. They then lost those 2 through injury, so who knows how many heavy defeats they could have suffered without those “lucky lucky” injuries. Now I know most people will retort with that it’s actually unlucky losing those first-team players, but we will never know if it’s lucky or unlucky. Maybe Liverpool would have won more games with them but equally maybe they would have lost more.My point is that during a football match things happen, which then leads to other things happening, for example if United hadn’t got the “dodgy penalty” they may have scored 2 goals from play.Nigel Healy. MU fan. Sligo, Ireland. A Chelsea biteOh Max, CPFC i will bite, I have to bite, to put the Chelsea 2016/2017 title as top of the worst titles, you cannot be serious? Now in true Rafa Benitez fashion I am going to talk facts, so I have got my piece of paper out and here we go, that season this is how Chelsea did: – Won a record 30 games, the most at that time in a Premier League campaign– Top from Matchday 12 and never let that lead slip– 13 game record breaking winning streak, as well as getting to the final of an FA Cup, all of this was in Antonio Conte’s first season at the Bridge, that for me is a mighty fine campaign, especially after that infamous Arsenal game Now the fact the club had a bad start as well with those back to back defeats against Liverpool and Arsenal, as well as the uninspiring draw against Swansea, it was an incredible accomplishment to change the season around, win the title, by breaking records and get to a cup final too. Eden Hazard scored 16, Diego Costa got 20, N’Golo Kante took home the Premier League Player of the Season award, Thibaut Courtois took home the Golden Glove and Antonio Conte took home the Manager of the Season, there is no way on earth that the campaign can be considered the worst title by any standard, it was a top team and an incredible season. I also did a quick google search and some had suggested the United side of 96/97 are one of the worst, totalling 75 points, winning 21 games and conceding 44 goals, that is not me stating that is the worst side by the way, just simply sharing what I spotted on the web.Mikey, CFC A Man Utd biteIt was within these pages that i made it known that Man United was the most consistent team in the league at a time when F365 was playing the narrative that United was very inconsistent. The consistency has not abated and on Tuesday night, at it’s zenith, United became 1st in the league surpassing Liverpool. So it rubs me a wrong way when a Liverpool fan comes spewing nonsense in yesterday’s mail. So okay Dale Marlow I will take the bait. Liverpool received far fewer free kicks from fouls per game than 17 other teams because you guessed it, they are fouled far less often than the other 17 teams above them in this metric. Wow, who would have thought that the number of free kicks are correlated to the number of fouls? Everyone except Dale it seems. Mo Salah has been could more times than just 2 other players in the league according to Dale which I actually false Salah’s name does not appear in the 20 most fouled players in 2020/21. A simple Google search would be nice before making baseless statements like that. Penalties are a direct consequence of fouls as this lie has been tackled, it is of no use to argue that Liverpool gets fewer penalties. And who cries that that they get fewer penalties by the way!!? We can argue whether a challenge was a penalty but not demand penalties for numerical equivalence. And how about that, this season both Liverpool and United have had the same number of penalties (5) yet Dale is creating the impression that United are favored in that regard. Another untruth Dale! This was the funniest of the bunch, I quote Dale verbatim ” these are trends that favours a certain team and discriminates against Liverpool.” Lol. So the EPL favors United over Liverpool, not United over City or Chelsea, Or Leicester, or any other team but Liverpool specifically. Give me a break. Dale. Its nice at least a single Liverpool is willing to employ irrationality to justify Man United nice position. Its been 3 years too long.Elvince Ager, Nairobi Historic revisionistsI was reading Johhny Nics article on United’s brand, and couldn’t help but think it is an example of what is wrong with sports writers these days… agendas, narratives and juicy juicy site clicks. “All the cliches about United were set from 1992-2013. We’re all familiar with them. The late winners; the dramatic comebacks; the fluent, dynamic wide play and counter-attack. History paints them as a thrilling team and their brand glamourised by that reputation.” – Johnny Nic Lets compare Ole and Fergie based on Johnny’s criteria for what constitutes United’s footballing brand. Late winners? CheckDramatic comebacks? CheckDynamic wide play and counter attacks? Half a checkFluidity? It’s yet to arrive but I am confident it will, there are glimpses.A thrilling team based on the above criteria? Check What’a not thrilling about this United? Lets not be historic revisionists just for juicy site clicks, how about that? Not to mention Johnny would probably argue Ole is limited because of counter attacking, but when Fergie countered he was a legend. This is the most United i have seen United since Fergie, even based on Johnny’s own criteria for what constitutes United’s brand.Kiki, Cork (Manchester United) Tickers twaddleHi Dave Tickner, It appears you don’t have the subscription to Premier League football. Reading your article, the only conclusion I can reach is that you didn’t watch the game and went for the easy and lazy narrative around José. I’ll be happy to share my subscription, mate. Just ask next time instead of making things up, yeah? Constantly ceding territory and possession? Spurs ended up with 52% possession despite scoring in 26th minute and only conceding in 74th. Fulham probably deserved all three points because they pressed a lot in first 30 and last 15 minutes? Correct me if I am wrong, no points are awarded for pressing for 15-30 minutes spells. But forget about Fulham as this mail has no intention to denigrate their good performance.Instead, let’s take a look at decent chances for Spurs who apparently didn’t attack enough. 6th minute – Regulion chance 18th minute – Son close range shot from Sissoko’s cross 24th minute – Son header saved by Areola 26th minute – An actual goal by Kane 30th minute- Great cross by Aurier which Kane couldn’t direct on goal 71st minute – Son hits the post (we know it’s an off target shot, no one is claiming otherwise. But it is as close as you can get without scoring) 90th minute – Regulion scores but it is correctly ruled offside. Looks like plenty of chances to me.My point here is that it’s not like Spurs didn’t try to win the game or cede the initiative or anything. No team dominates for the whole 90 minutes, particularly not in this crammed season. Spurs were rightly punished for their profligacy in front of the goal. They didn’t deserve to win because they didn’t score another goal. Simple as that. But to pretend that they dropped the points because José parked the bus or was too negative is purely imaginary and lazy journalism. Like I said, please watch the game next time before writing a piece. Love your work in general so no hard feelings, we all have our blind spots.The Vocal Minority The post Clattenburg confirms water is wet and more Man Utd bias… appeared first on Football News –. Read the Original Article