Jose Mourinho’s men welcomed the Bees to north London a short time ago, for a highly anticipated clash. Spurs of course headed into proceedings with their tails up, on the back of a much needed return to form in the Premier League over the weekend, when they downed Leeds by 3 goals to nil. Brentford, though, were no doubt also brimming with confidence, boasting a 4-game win streak across all competitions, including the ousting of Newcastle from the League Cup two weeks ago. <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ODTCKjT9dtQ" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0"></iframe> When all was said and done at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium this evening, however, top-flight quality proved telling. The visitors, to their credit, made a game of it, and even appeared to have levelled things up at one point in the 2nd-half, only for a VAR intervention to rule Ivan Toney’s header out for offside. Spurs, though, saw both of their goals over the course of the 90 minutes stand, en route to a 2-0 win. The Lilywhites opened the scoring inside the opening quarter of an hour, when Sergio Reguilon’s pinpoint delivery from the left was nodded home by Moussa Sissoko: ”It is an absolutely delicious cross” Moussa Sissoko nods home Sergio Reguilón’s ball to give the Premier League side the lead Watch live on Sky Sports Football now pic.twitter.com/sgGjYIma9c — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) January 5, 2021 Then, shortly after Brentford’s aforementioned equaliser was chalked off, Heung-min Son killed off any remaining hopes of a comeback on the part of the away side. A defence-splitting Tanguy Ndombele pass set the South Korean free, with Son having gone on to find the net with typical ruthlessness: Son doubles the lead! Tottenham look on their way to Wembley as they lead Brentford 2-0 in north London Watch live on Sky Sports Football now pic.twitter.com/KCXUZAmtDW — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) January 5, 2021 As such, Tottenham are set to head to Wembley in 3 months’ time, to fight it out for the club’s first piece of silverware since 2008. Awaiting the capital giants in April is a meeting with one of Manchester United or Manchester City, with the fierce rivals set to battle it out in the EFL Cup’s 2nd semi-final in 24 hours’ time. On the back of an altogether superb evening from a Spurs perspective, meanwhile, a noteworthy statistic surrounding the production of result-clincher Heung-min Son has since surfaced online. As per the reliable OptaJoe, wide-man Son has now notched 16 goals across all competitions this season. This marks the 2nd-most of any Premier League player to this point in the campaign, guiding the South Korean level with Liverpool standout Mohamed Salah. Interestingly, the only individual from the English top-flight to have netted on more occasions is strike partner Harry Kane, showcasing once again the impressive strength of Tottenham’s deadly frontline. 16 – Only teammate Harry Kane (17) has scored more goals among Premier League players in all competitions this season than Son Heung-Min (16 – level with Mohamed Salah). Daylight. #TOTBRE #EFL #CarabaoCup pic.twitter.com/pnmVxTXakn — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 5, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.