Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s men are currently locked in action with the Hornets at Old Trafford. The clash marks the respective sides’ FA Cup season opener, as the heavyweights of English football take their place in the country’s oldest cup competition. Hosts United of course headed into proceedings in search of a bounce-back performance, having been completely outplayed en route to an exit from the League Cup at the hands of Manchester City during the week. And, as things stand, bounce back is precisely what the Red Devils are poised to do. A solitary goal, netted by Scott McTominay, currently separates the two sides at the Theatre of Dreams. With just 5 minutes on the clock, Alex Telles’ whipped corner from the left was met by captain-for-the-day McTominay, who nodded a pinpoint header home off the inside of the visitors’ far post: Super Scotty, Captain Fantastic #EmiratesFACup @ManUtd pic.twitter.com/YJiLAhmGOL — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 9, 2021 An otherwise positive opening 45 minutes for United, however, was soured on the stroke of the interval. A delivery into the Reds’ area saw Dean Henderson rise high to snuff out any potential threat. In the process of punching the ball clear, however, the hosts’ shot-stopper levelled the unfortunate Eric Bailly, who took a knee to the head on the part of Henderson. Bailly incident pic.twitter.com/lm5CkxOaET — The United Stand (@UnitedStandMUFC) January 9, 2021 Bailly, of course so often sidelined with fitness problems, immediately went to ground, amid concerning scenes which quickly saw a stretcher hauled out onto the pitch. In the end, the Ivorian did not require carrying off, but in truth, looked some way short of stable in making his way to the sideline. Bailly, though, is nevertheless said to have made clear his eagerness to reenter the fray: Eric Bailly wanted to come back on but had to be ushered down the tunnel by #MUFC medical staff, says @Tom_Gayle. — Shamoon Hafez (@ShamoonHafez) January 9, 2021 At this point, however, the Manchester United medical staff stepped in, making it clear that the stopper was in no condition to continue. In turn, Bailly was swiftly replaced by Harry Maguire, with the decisive decision-making on the part of the Red Devils’ medics, in putting the wellbeing of the former first, having since been widely praised online: Eric Bailly wanted to carry on after that collision in the first half. Thankfully the Man United medical staff made the decision for him. @MattCritchley1 has the latest from Old Trafford at half-time. #FACup #MUNWAT Watch Now – https://t.co/RRmQgctETJ pic.twitter.com/JW2PEt5kGh — beIN SPORTS (@beINSPORTS_EN) January 9, 2021 That is a really good move by @ManUtd medics to get Bailly out of the game. We are learning too much about the dangers of concussion and the effects of dementia to take any risks now. The concussion subs can’t come soon enough. — Simon Stone (@sistoney67) January 9, 2021 Right call to take Bailly off if they suspect concussion. It was some blow to the back of the head. — Matt Little (@matt_little_18) January 9, 2021 Bailly having to come off with a head injury, definitely the right move to avoid potential concussion injuries. Henderson smashed through him with a knee there, hope it doesn’t take a knock on either players confidence. — Jonny (@JonnyLeck97) January 9, 2021 Only positive is Bailly should be back soon and United just have a sensible medical team when dealing with head injuries, rather than sending him back out there like the David Luiz incident. — Jordan (@FourFourJordan) January 9, 2021 Really good move by the medical staff https://t.co/Q77pN58c0K — Elias  (@United_Elias) January 9, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.