The Gunners welcomed Steve Bruce’s men to the Emirates on Saturday, for their season opener in the FA Cup. Arteta and co. of course headed into the clash with their tails up, on the back of a major upturn in form over recent weeks. And, when all was said and done in north London yesterday evening, Arsenal went on to make it four wins from their last four across all competitions. A hard-fought 90 minutes eventually rolled into extra-time, after both sides toiled in their efforts to bag an all-important winner. As the additional time wore on, though, and Newcastle’s stars began to tire, the hosts struck. First, Emile Smith Rowe, after being introduced off the bench by Mikel Arteta, picked out the far corner of Martin Dubravka’s net with a pinpoint strike: Smith Rowe #EmiratesFACup @Arsenal pic.twitter.com/Cco2lubArn — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 9, 2021 And this was followed less than 10 minutes later by a result-clinching 2nd for the Gunners, as Kieran Tierney’s pull back across the face was slotted home by the waiting Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang: You already know Aubameyang loves an #EmiratesFACup goal for @Arsenal  pic.twitter.com/PnaiBke6sH — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 9, 2021 The news, however, was not all positive from an Arsenal perspective on Saturday. The north Londoners were dealt a blow on the personnel front prior to kick-off, when Gabriel Martinelli picked up a nasty looking ankle injury. In turn, speaking on the back of his side’s latest win, Mikel Arteta was inevitably drawn on the Brazilian’s wellbeing. And the update on the part of the Arsenal boss proved far from encouraging: Arteta on Martinelli: “I am gutted. He was in tears, a lot of pain. He didn’t look good.” — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) January 9, 2021 Another of the Gunners’ stars who was somewhat surprisingly omitted from the club’s matchday squad to take on Newcastle, meanwhile, was Thomas Partey. Ghanaian international Partey has of course not taken to the pitch in over a month, since picking up a hamstring injury during a North London Derby defeat to Tottenham. He was expected to return to the fray on Saturday, but, in the end, was not risked. Arteta was therefore also questioned on Partey’s fitness during his post-match media duties, with Arsenal set to return to Premier League action in a meeting with Crystal Palace on Thursday. The Spaniard, though, was keen to quell any remaining fears surrounding the former Atletico man’s wellbeing, revealing his hope that Partey will be fit to face the Eagles: ‘We assessed the situation (with Partey ahead of the Newcastle match), how much training he’s done, the boxes that he ticked and he was still a little bit short.’ ‘Hopefully we will have him in the squad on Thursday. Let’s see how he trains in the next couple of days. He’s really good at the moment.’ Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.