West Brom have contacted Spanish side Real Betis over a move for midfielder William Carvalho, according to reports. Manager Sam Allardyce is on the hunt for recruitments to get his side out of the relegation zone. They’ve already brought in Robert Snodgrass and keeper Andy Lonergan. READ: Spurs outcast Alli ‘pushing’ for PSG move and Pochettino reunion According to the Daily Mail, Baggies officials have been in discussion with Betis over a transfer for Carvalho. It’s thought that any potential deal would be an initial loan with the option to buy. It’s not yet clear whether Betis would be willing to let one of their star players go. The Portuguese international has featured 14 times in La Liga this season, scoring two goals. He would bring plenty of experience to the West Brom midfield. The 28-year-old has won 63 caps for his country, helping them to win the 2016 European Championships. Allardyce wants Carvalho to link up with Jake Livermore and Conor Gallagher in midfield. He is a strong defensive midfielder who would allow Matheus Pereira freedom to create going forwards. That type of player is needed at the Hawthorns to keep some clean sheets. The Baggies have conceded 41 goals in their first 18 matches, giving them the worst defensive record in the top flight. Even Sheff Utd, who have less than half their points total, have a better goal difference. The report states that West Brom are interested in signing two other players. They continue to discuss striker Boulaye Dia with French club Reims. West Brom face competition from West Ham for his signature. The third player being mentioned is Turkish international Okay Yokuslu. The 26-year-old is a versatile player who can play in central midfield or in defence. He is an alternative if their move for Carvalho fails. West Brom need to pick up some results soon if they want to escape the relegation zone. Their next match is against West Ham tomorrow at 18:00. The post West Brom contact Real Betis over loan move for midfielder appeared first on Football News –. Read the Original Article