The Cottagers were of course in action earlier this evening, in a Premier League meeting with capital rivals Chelsea. Fulham headed into proceedings with confidence high in the club’s camp, on the back of a 6-game unbeaten streak across all competitions. Their opponents, on the other hand, had fallen to defeat in 2 of their last 3 in the league. When all was said and done at Craven Cottage, however, form went out the window, to see Chelsea eventually emerge on the right side of a 1-0 scoreline. A closely contested affair was decided by Mason Mount a little over 10 minutes from time, when the English international capitalised on Alphonse Areola’s punch to lash home from close range: MOUNT FIRES CHELSEA AHEAD The England man finally gives Chelsea the lead in west London Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #FULCHE here: https://t.co/AwxIpXrwmw Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/8gXb6CeK5F — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) January 16, 2021 The eventual result this evening, however, proved far from Fulham’s only concern stemming from the clash. The others came on the personnel front, in the form of a pair of suspensions. Antonee Robinson’s proved the more high-profile, with the American full-back having been given his marching orders late in the first-half for a lunging challenge on Cesar Azpilicueta: STRAIGHT RED CAD Antonee Robinson is sent off for a real lunge and Fulham have it all to do Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #FULCHE here: https://t.co/AwxIpXrwmw Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/C1Ut3hDxQq — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) January 16, 2021 The other which no doubt went slightly more under the radar, though, was the booking picked up by Bobby Decordova-Reid. The attacker was penalised for a challenge of his own 20 minutes from time, with referee Peter Bankes having not hesitated in brandishing a yellow card in Reid’s direction: Terrible yellow card decision that. De Cordova-Reid wins the ball but is booked. He’s suspended now. — Peter Rutzler (@peterrutzler) January 16, 2021 His latest caution marked Reid’s 5th of the Premier League campaign, meaning he will now join Robinson in sitting out through suspension when Fulham welcome Manchester United to Craven Cottage on Wednesday night. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.