Three Premier League clubs, including Newcastle and Crystal Palace, are thought to be in the race for Huddersfield’s Lewis O’Brien. The 22-year-old has been a reliable performer in the Championship this season, making 19 appearances. That’s led to plenty of interest from the top flight. READ: Striker Ighalo hoping to extend loan spell with Man Utd According to Football Insider, Newcastle and Palace are joined by Sheff Utd in pursuing O’Brien. All three clubs are tracking his progress ahead of a potential bid this month. The report states that Huddersfield would be willing to cash-in on O’Brien if the price is right. His contract with the Terriers expires in June 2022. They would rather sell him this year than lose him for a reduced price next year. O’Brien tends to operate as a central midfielder. He can also play further up the pitch if required. The Englishman has made 58 appearances for Huddersfield after coming through their youth system. He was voted as their academy player of the year in 2018. Newcastle manager Steve Bruce is currently looking at options to improve his squad in January. They’re on a poor run after losing to Arsenal and Sheff Utd recently. The Blades want to replace John Lundstram with O’Brien. Lundstram could be on his way out of Bramall Lane after rejecting the offer of a new contract. If they do get relegated to the Championship this season, then O’Brien would be a great signing to prepare them for the league. Crystal Palace, meanwhile, have the oldest squad in the division. From the players that have appeared, their average age is almost 29. Signing O’Brien would give them a great player in midfield to build around. He could form an effective partnership with Luka Milivojevic in the centre of the pitch. The Terriers man is valued by Transfermarkt at under £3 million. It’s not yet known how much it would cost to sign him. With three Prem clubs chasing his signature, that figure could increase massively. The post Newcastle, Crystal Palace hoping to sign Huddersfield midfielder appeared first on Football News –. Read the Original Article