The major talking point at the London Stadium over the last week has of course surrounded Moyes’ options up top. This comes with club-record signing Sebastien Haller, on the back of an altogether underwhelming 18 months, having brought his West Ham stint to an end last Friday. The Ivorian international swapped the English capital for Dutch champions Ajax, in a £20 million deal: Search completed: #CestSébastien  pic.twitter.com/UkW9DSCRgY — AFC Ajax (@AFCAjax) January 8, 2021 Haller’s exit, though, has of course left a gaping hole in West Ham’s frontline. The 26-year-old, despite his widely publicised struggles for form, was nevertheless handed starts in 10 of the 17 Premier League outings for which he was available this season. The Hammers, in turn, have already been tipped to swoop for a whole host of attackers, amongst them the likes of Eddie Nketiah, Adam Hlozek and Josh King. And, as outlined above, an update has this evening been forthcoming regarding the club’s efforts to land a new frontman. Speaking on the back of his side’s hard-fought 1-0 win over Burnley, during which Michail Antonio bagged the game’s only goal, David Moyes was drawn on whether or not West Ham have yet identified any genuine transfer targets. And the Irons boss went on to confirm not only that, but also that the capital giants have in fact tabled ‘big’ bids for more than one player: ‘We’ve already made big enquiries and offers for players with clubs. They’ve obviously not been accepted otherwise I would have someone.’ ‘It is not as if we’re not trying to do that, we have tried. I need to try and get players who I think would make a difference and I want it to be something which I think can help us.’ Moyes concluded: ‘If I don’t I might need to look short term, just to get me through to give me another player but if not then I’ll use the young players or I’ll have to try and find us a centre-forward from someone else in the squad.’ “It is not as if we’re not trying to do that, we have tried.” West Ham have made ‘big offers’ for January transfer targets, confirms Moyes |  @JackRosser_ https://t.co/ZSNU3IaF5j — Standard Sport (@standardsport) January 16, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.