Save the Children is the leading independent organization for children in need, with programs in over 120 countries. We save children’s lives. We fight for their rights. We help them fulfil their potential. Save the Children is working in Nigeria because one in five children in Nigeria dies before their fifth birthday. About 40% of children miss out on school and have to work to survive while nearly 2 million children have lost one or both parents to an AIDS-related disease. We are recruiting to fill the position below: Job ID: 2100008SLocation: AbujaJob Type: Full Time Terms of Reference BackgroundNational Governments globally seek to evaluate the ongoing progress towards the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG-Agenda 2030) and National Development Plans. Nigeria as a country is not left out of this aspiration, but for the goals which cut across many sectoral to be effectively evaluated the culture of monitoring and evaluation needs to be institutionalized. Currently, the practice of Evaluation in Nigeria public service is hardly mentioned let alone carried out. And where carried out it is mostly on donor assisted projects and programmes. The resultant effect of this is frequent policies and programmes abandonment, lack of knowledge on project’s relevance, effectiveness and efficiency in terms of converting material resources into tangible results. The reason for this has been partly attributed to little or no capacity among the public service officials to carry out evaluation. The Ministry of Budget and National Planning is charged with the responsibility of coordinating evaluation activities in public service. The Department of National Monitoring and Evaluation anchors this function. In order for the officers in this department to be sufficiently equipped to effectively coordinate and train other institutions they require adequate skills and sound knowledge of evaluation. This will ensure catalyses and mainstreaming of evaluation capacity and culture in the public sector. It is on this premise that the department is proposing for support to strengthen the individual capability of its officers and institutional capacity of selected critical Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) saddled with the responsibility of programmes/projects evaluation and data management. Proposed Scope of Work: Rationale for Support:It is a recognized fact that Evaluation provides managers and decision-makers at all levels with unique, objective and credible information to aid in the various stages of the project/programme cycle, i.e. planning, policy and programme design, and budgeting. Meanwhile, In Nigeria, there is a large skill gap in the public sector agencies for this function, including the National Monitoring and Evaluation department (NM&E) who is responsible for coordinating the evaluation function for government, hence the need to develop the evaluation capacity of the NM&E department to equip them to cascade the skills to other institutions of government. The Ministry of Budget and National Planning, National Monitoring and Evaluation department is mandated to institutionalize and entrench the culture of evaluation in the public service. To achieve this, series of strategic programmes are lined-up towards this initiative, this include; development of M&E Policy, review of M&E Manual, Consultation for adoption of M&E policy, Study tour to understudy evaluation best practices and Building capacity of M&E officials on evaluation through workshop. However, much is yet to be achieved in the above listed, hence, the request for a training workshop to build the capacity of the M&E officers in the Ministry. Also, the Ministry, in 2017 embarked on a mission to develop a National Evaluation Policy and part of the mission’s recommendations of the consultant anchoring the Development of the National Evaluation Policy is that skill gap in evaluation should be narrowed by conducting Evaluation Capacity Building workshop for the M&E officers in order to pave way for the embankment of a pilot evaluation study. Therefore, MBNP is requesting support in building the capacity of officers in the M&E departments/units of the MBNP and other line Ministries which will present a platform for a holistic integration of lessons learnt and knowledge. Expected Outcome: it is expected that M&E officers trained on the various modules of program evaluation would have enhanced capacity to do the following: Responsibilities SCI Responsibilities: Technical Skills Required Application Closing Date20th January, 2021. The post Consultant at Save the Children Nigeria appeared first on Jobs in Nigeria – http://jobsinnigeria.careers. Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.