Keep your mails coming to theeditor@football365.com. A drizzle of OzilOzil has been hands down, the most skillful (not the best) player Arsenal has had in years. Some of the best moments in the last unhappy Arsenal decade have come from him. How did it come to this? For him to become such a divisive figure? At least that’s what I thought, until I heard that 3/4 of respondents in a snap poll by Arsenal Vision said that, even knowing what we know now, they would still have taken the decision to sign him. Even so I would imagine that among that group who would still rather sign him, he would be an incredible source of frustration, or a victim of managers/owners’ whims – take your pick. So he really pushes a lot of different buttons in people. As with most things in life, like in how you score diving or gymnastics, throw out the extremes (the highest and lowest scores) and you probably get a good feel, or as objective a picture as you can get of a difficult subject. In Ozil’s case, I think the easiest thing to throw out is the idea that he has somehow conned the club into giving that massive contract and is now holding the club hostage by refusing to move. Well he has finally moved (or is about to). Whether that’s because the club found some way to pay off the remainder of the contract, or he decided to accept less than what he was entitled to, he made the move. Sure he could have done what Kolasinac was said to have done, which is take a pay cut to get the loan move. We should not expect Ozil to. Also the notion that he should not have put the club into such a position is unreasonable. He is entitled to get the most he can out of a short career, and props to him for having a good agent. No one held a gun to the club’s head. And they should honour the contract, which they would have done their sums for and knew that they could afford it. Maybe there should be more weight put on performance in contracts, whether as a team or as individuals or both. At the other extreme are the views of the fanboys. They think the club’s early season form was in the toilet because Ozil was left out of the playing squad altogether and that he is the main solution to our lack of creativity, which is a reductive argument. There are many factors in our poor play and people’s memories are selective. When he did play last season under Arteta, he wasn’t that great either. His form has generally declined dramatically in the last year or two. It is however difficult to analyse individual performance within the context of a team. If I were generous, I could say that Arsenal (even Wenger) never got the best out of Ozil. A writer (maybe Tim Stillman) gave what I thought was a very good description of Ozil – he said Ozil is the lubricant when you have a very good engine. He isn’t like the hub or heart of a team that you build around but more like that missing piece of a jigsaw to make it complete. He cannot carry a team nor will it to victory. My analogy? He is like a very nice dressing that makes a great dish taste better. He was no Vieira for sure. The Premier League isn’t for wallflowers and Vieira was a warrior, which you could never accuse Ozil of. And in many respects, while he wasn’t the hub or heart of the team, perhaps he best epitomised the lack of it in our team. When the going got tough, he was never there. And that is my main regret with him and the late-Wenger era. So I don’t think he quite deserves to be placed on that pedestal that many have. But what he did was to give us many beautiful moments and memories, and in some ways it was a privilege to see an artist like him at work in the jersey. Not every artist produces work consistently of a high standard and it would be absurd to expect them to. But when they touch the heights of genius, we are brought almost to a different realm vicariously and for a brief moment, we breathe in and share that rarified air.Tired (but happy this saga is over) Gooner, London READ MORE: ‘False position’? Comparing the Man Utd fraudsters and Liverpool Bruno of the monthSo, what to make of Bruno Fernandes? He’s just won his fourth Player of the Month award in a calendar year, the first player to do so. That’s 4 out of 7 given in 2020. That is just plain nutty. Who is this guy? He has come out of nowhere to dominate the Best League In The World. Of course he didn’t come from nowhere but that’s what the Premier League supremacists would have you believe. Afterall he was ‘only’ playing in Portugal. The idea that a player moving to England will struggle, regardless of talent, not because he’s moving to a new country with different culture, team, playing style, teammates, coaches, but simply because he’s moving to, you know, The Premier League is nonsense. As if players who excelled in the EPL don’t struggle to have the same impact somewhere else (Just ask Eriksen or the Great Thierry Henry or Hazard) It’s why United almost didn’t sign him despite the ridiculous numbers he posted in the Liga NOS. In 2018/19, he scored 20 and assisted 13 in 33 league games for Sporting. He left Portugal with a ridiculous 64 goals and 52 assists in 137 appearances. The numbers were unbelievably high and consistent that everyone was convinced he wouldn’t be able to replicate it in the toughest league in the world. Some smart guy even checked his passing accuracy and was like “What?!! His passing is worse than Lingard’s??!!! See I told you he’s crap. He’s just a pig swimming like a King in a pool of dog shit that is the Portuguese league” Well, well, well. How about that ehn? He’s been in England less than a year and he has more POTM awards than Giggs, Hazard, Salah, Mane, Sterling, Suarez, Bale etc. Levelled with Ronaldo, Lampard, Scholes, Bergkamp and Henry. Aguero won his first in 2013 and Kane in 2015. 8 and 6 years after respectively, Aguero has 7 (the most of anyone) and Kane has 6. Gerrard is the top ranked midfielder having won 6 in 16+ years. Bruno has 4 in 11 months! That is just crazy!! No disrespect to any of the players above and obviously Bruno is still some way off being considered on the same level as some of them but come on it’s astonishing. Whatever happens from here on, well done Bruno. You are some player. What’s the point of this mail? Honestly? I don’t know. I just came across some numbers that amazed me, that’s all.AY (by the way, current POTM count: Kevin De Bruyne (0), Christian Benteke (1), Odion Ighalo (1), Adam le Fondre (1), Scott Parker (2), Andrew Johnson (2), Peter Odemwingie (3), Ashley Young (3)) City will win season defining weekendIt is improbable that any of the media build ups for the North West clasico will include this in their hype but I am not jumping on any ‘United may even become favourites for the title if they win with attacking verve at the champions later on today’ bandwagon. Whatever the outcome an Anfield, I am seeing the swimming pool blue horse coming up on the inside having a season defining weekend. I mainly base this on a strong centre back pairing and City’s ability to win even without El Kun . It will be entertaining to see Ole prove a lot of his doubters wrong and make them eat their words, if the season plays out all 38 league games but english football still has two teams that are a fair way above the rest. Unless one of these trio purchase Erling Brut Haaland I can’t see that really changing . (as long as he doesn’t go to Bavaria Munchen). That would be so utterly tedious.Peter (I am all for cancelling Euro 2020 and Qatar 2022) . Andalucia Blame managers for celebrationsPundits are often quick to discuss qualities of leadership and character, so I’m frustrated to see so little admonishment of some premier league managers on the issue of celebrations during the pandemic. I don’t blame players – they’re young, will behave according to dressing-room culture, and I fully accept the argument about the adrenaline and euphoria players feel on scoring. I do blame managers, who willfully flout the guidance, often with shameful arrogance. Take the clip of Allerdyce at the end of the Midlands Derby which MOTD chose to share with viewers (“no hugging, no kissing” – just me or a whiff of the lazy homophobia we’ve been trying to stamp out here?) or Mourinho at Fulham – hugging and stroking the back of Scott Parker’s head as they walked out of the tunnel. Leadership is about setting a standard, and modelling behaviour. Until managers start behaving like leaders, and model what they expect from players, then we won’t see any behavioural change. By the way, I would apply this same argument to poor sportsmanship (would love to see some opta-stats on the correlation between good touchline conduct from managers, and the prevalence of on-pitch dissent, petulance, or diving) Fair play to James Maddison for his cheery covid-compliant high-fives, but to me the real plaudits here should go to Rogers – clearly he actually briefed his team properly about and instilled a sense of the gravity of the pandemic and their responsibility. Yes, we should thank footballers for playing on through the crisis, but if you saw public sector workers like nurses or teachers (who are working in the same close-knit bubbles and being tested regularly) making physical contact in the way that club staff are doing, it would be completely inexcusable. This is not a case of football vs. the world. Clubs, and managers in particular, should step up and do their jobs to support players to do the right thing.Jamie Clayton No smoke without Chelsea fireWell the positive from that game was that we won, but would we have done so if Fulham had a full XI on the field for the second half? The game overall was quite frustrating to watch, it felt as though Chelsea were sent out to pad their passing accuracy stats with so many sideways passes, Timo Werner came on and should have really scored but it just doesn’t seem to be clicking for him at all which is a true shame, especially after how he was scoring for fun last season in the Bundesliga. The big game is against Leicester in a few days time, that’ll will certainly measure we are as a team going forward, whether fans are Frank In, or Frank Out, I feel Frank Lampard will be unlikely to be in charge of our first game of next season, I could be very wrong, but with recent performances, the potential return of Avram Grant (not confirmed of course) and the talk from various outlets that the club have had contact with Tuchel and Allegri, again this could all be nonsense to sell papers, increase clicks and views but they do say there is no smoke without fire, let’s see how our trip to Leicester turns out.Mikey, CFC The post Ozil was no more than the dressing on the Arsenal salad appeared first on Football News –. Read the Original Article