A number of the Premier League’s top sides were in FA Cup 3rd round action on Sunday, including Manchester City. City have won the cup on six previous occasions, last doing so in 2019 en route to becoming the first male English side to ever secure the domestic treble. Last season, Pep Guardiola’s men were ousted at the semi-final stage by eventual winners, Arsenal. The Sky Blues, though, will no doubt fancy their chances of going all the way in the competition this time around. City’s latest FA Cup campaign began at the Etihad vs Birmingham earlier today. And, unsurprisingly, the hosts eventually came away with a comfortable 3-0 victory against the Championship outfit. Bernardo Silva fired the Manchester powerhouse into the lead after just eight minutes. The Portuguese then added a second 15 minutes in, finishing off a well-worked move. An incredible team goal How about that pass from Mahrez in the build-up?#EmiratesFACup @ManCity pic.twitter.com/sr1lNz3FwG — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 10, 2021 And Phil Foden was next up, all but killing the game off just past the half-hour mark with a superb effort from the edge of the box: #EmiratesFACup pic.twitter.com/2tOle7kCMa — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 10, 2021 Following his latest strike vs Birmingham, meanwhile, a statistic, showcasing just how superbly Foden has performed thus far this season, has come to light online. According to Opta, Foden has been directly involved in 12 goals in all competitions in 2020/21 , the most of any under-21 player for a Premier League club: 12 – Phil Foden has been directly involved in 12 goals in all competitions this season (7 goals & 5 assists), the most of any U21 player for Premier League sides. Star. pic.twitter.com/sBwf296lAd — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 10, 2021 See also: Stockport County vs West Ham United betting tips: FA Cup preview, predictions & odds Man City boss Pep Guardiola confirms Sergio Aguero is isolating/ provides Laporte update Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.