The marquee matchup of the upcoming round of midweek Premier League fixtures is set to take place at the King Power Stadium. The clash will see Leicester play host to Chelsea on Tuesday night, in a key meeting in the race for European football. As things stand, it is of course tomorrow’s hosts who hold the advantage, both when it comes to league position and form. The Foxes currently sit just two points adrift of table-topping Manchester United, having made it a trio of consecutive wins across all competitions courtesy of a 2-0 downing of Southampton over the weekend. Harvey Barnes gets Leicester’s second goal of the evening late in injury time A big three points that propels Leicester to second in the table  pic.twitter.com/Va0YUNR6RE — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) January 16, 2021 Chelsea, on the other hand, have looked far from impressive of late. Though Frank Lampard’s men did manage to bag all 3 points at Craven Cottage on Saturday, they once again toiled in their efforts to do so, on the back of two defeats in their prior three in the Premier League. In turn, as things stand, the Blues remain on the outside looking in at the top-6, and even further adrift of the Champions League spots. As such, Leicester will no doubt fancy their chances of getting one over on their heavyweight opponents this weekend, to further cement their status as genuine title contenders. And, ahead of Tuesday’s King Power showdown, the Foxes have today been handed a boost. This comes in the form of the latest on the fitness of the club’s squad. Speaking in a press conference on Monday, Brendan Rodgers was drawn on his side’s wellbeing, amid the hectic fixture list facing the Premier League’s clubs. The northern Irishman, though, went on to confirm that, Dennis Praet aside, Leicester are currently in the midst of a clean bill of health. This of course includes Jamie Vardy, who handed Fantasy Football players a scare over the weekend, after looking in some discomfort in making his way off the pitch versus Southampton. ‘Obviously, Dennis [Praet] is out for a period of time (with a hamstring complaint). Everyone else should be fine,’ Rodgers explained. ‘Papy Mendy just has a slight strain in his neck, so we’ll see how he is, but apart from that, everyone else will be fine. We’ve got a fully fit squad, virtually, which puts us in a good place.’ News on Ricardo and Papy Mendy from today’s #LeiChe press conference… Read here — Leicester City (@LCFC) January 18, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.