The FA Cup’s 3rd-round was of course played out this past weekend, with the action, as expected, having given rise to both dominant Premier League victories, and shock lower-league triumphs. Amongst the standout results were Leeds’ embarrassing 3-0 exit at the hands of Crawley, Brighton’s nail-biting penalty shootout victory over Newport, and non-league Chorley’s ousting of Covid-19-hit Derby County. The final scheduled fixture of the round is set to take place shortly, when Stockport play host to West Ham United (others have of course seen their ties postponed for the time being). And, as outlined above, ahead of the action getting underway at Edgeley Park, the remaining clubs set to vie it out for FA Cup glory over the months ahead have this evening discovered their respective fates. First up was the 4th-round draw, with the undoubted standout tie coming in the form of a showdown between Manchester United and Liverpool at Old Trafford: #EmiratesFACup pic.twitter.com/gpvt8IbPKw — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 11, 2021 Elsewhere, champions Arsenal face a potentially tricky trip to Southampton (if the Saints can get the better of Shrewsbury in their rescheduled meeting), though Chelsea and Manchester City will likely fancy their chances of routine victories. Chorley have been rewarded for their efforts versus Derby with a home tie versus Wolves, whilst an all-Premier League clash will be in store when Fulham welcome Burnley to Craven Cottage: Here’s your Official #EmiratesFACup fourth round draw (1/2) pic.twitter.com/lExHdRHklF — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 11, 2021 Here’s your Official #EmiratesFACup fourth round draw (2/2) pic.twitter.com/k9iK8lkQzN — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 11, 2021 Immediately following the 4th-round draw, meanwhile, was the 5th, as the FA continue their efforts to provide as much time to plan for fixtures as possible amid the scheduling problems brought about by the pandemic. Arsenal, if they manage to get past Southampton, face another potentially tricky away day in the defence of their title, in the form of a trip to Molineux. Another intriguing top-flight showdown will also be in store at Goodison Park, should both Everton and Tottenham navigate their way through the 4th-round. The winner of Manchester United’s meeting with Liverpool, meanwhile, could face any of West Ham, Stockport or Doncaster, whilst Chelsea and Man City, again, will no doubt be pleased with the respective paths afforded to them to the competition’s quarter-finals. Check out the FA Cup 5th-round draw in full below: Here’s your Official #EmiratesFACup fifth round draw  pic.twitter.com/dFqzZ4WxDx — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 11, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.