The Seagulls are set to return to Premier League action on Wednesday, with a trip to the Etihad. Brighton’s last outing saw them require all of extra-time and a penalty shootout to get the better of Newport on Sunday night, en route to a spot in the 4th-round of the FA Cup.  Jason Steele coming up with four big saves in the shootout. #EmiratesFACup pic.twitter.com/6YKxCN4Bmq — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) January 10, 2021 Prior to scraping past League Two opposition 24 hours ago, however, Graham Potter’s men were in the midst of one of the worst spells of form in all of English football. Remarkably, the seasiders had managed just a solitary win from their previous 16 outings across all competitions. Manchester City, on the other hand, have looked back to their scintillating best of late, with a 3-0 FA Cup downing of Birmingham over the weekend having marked a 6th-straight win for Pep Guardiola’s men. As such, Graham Potter is no doubt fully aware that it will likely require a minor miracle for his side to secure any form of positive result versus the in-form Citizens. And, as confirmed by none other than the Brighton boss himself this evening, his side’s efforts to do so will come with a quartet of key players unavailable for selection. Speaking during a press conference a short time ago, Potter was drawn on the latest on the fitness of his squad. And the 45-year-old went on to confirm that all of Tariq Lamptey, Danny Welbeck, Adam Lallana and Aaron Connolly are set to sit out of the action at the Etihad. Steven Alzate, though, could return to the fray, with Alireza Jahanbakhsh requiring a late fitness test: #MCIBHA team news ahead of Wednesday. Lallana, Welbeck, Lamptey and Connolly will miss out. Steven Alzate a possible for the squad. Alireza Jahanbakhsh to be assessed. Jakub Moder had his first day today, light training and settling in.#BHAFC  pic.twitter.com/PflFkRtvPN — Brighton & Hove Albion (@OfficialBHAFC) January 11, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.