One of the major talking points in the English media this weekend has of course surrounded the non-compliance of Premier League players with the current Covid-19 protocols in place across the UK. Crystal Palace captain Luka Milivojevic and Fulham striker Aleksandar Mitrovic have come under heavy fire over the last 24 hours, after bringing their respective families together on New Year’s Eve, despite London’s tier-4 lockdown. The latter’s attendance comes with Covid cases at Craven Cottage on the rise, resulting in the postponement of the Cottagers’ 2nd consecutive league fixture earlier today: Breaking: Burnley vs. Fulham postponed after further positive tests in Fulham camp. w/ @David_Ornstein. #FFC @TheAthleticUK https://t.co/FLX07tn1tU — Peter Rutzler (@peterrutzler) January 2, 2021 The response of Crystal Palace boss Roy Hodgson to Milivojevic’s participation versus Sheffield United, meanwhile, has since not gone down at all well: Roy Hodgson on Luka Milivojevic situation: “I must say I’d be rather surprised if there was an outcry from #CPFC fans knowing they are more concerned with us winning football matches… to suggest should impact upon him playing & losing captaincy is taking it slightly too far” — Matt Woosnam (@MattWoosie) January 2, 2021 Whilst the irresponsible actions of those at Palace and Fulham have caught the headlines, however, the backlash surrounding the situation has paled in comparison to the uproar stemming from another London-based New Year’s Eve party. The gathering in question saw a further 4 Premier League stars, in the form of Tottenham trio Sergio Reguilon, Giovani Lo Celso and Erik Lamela, joined by West Ham midfielder Manuel Lanzini, along with a host of others, on Thursday night. A series of photos of the group have since surfaced on social media, with none having seemingly made any attempt to comply with social distancing measures: Lo Celso, Lamela, Reguilon, and Lanzini BROKE government COVID rules by spending Christmas together #THFC #WHUFChttps://t.co/xztIuuyVRr — talkSPORT (@talkSPORT) January 2, 2021 In turn, fans, pundits and managers alike have since slammed the capital-based quartet, with Spurs boss Jose Mourinho having made his disappointment clear on the back of the Lilywhites’ win over Leeds United earlier today. And, as outlined above, if the latest social media activity on the part of one of his stars is anything to go by, then Mourinho’s message appears to have hit home. Taking to Twitter a short time ago, Erik Lamela posted the following message, apologising for his recent actions: I want to apologise for a decision I made over Christmas which I deeply regret. On reflection I understand the seriousness of my actions and the impact it has on others.I am truly thankful to everyone working hard to keep us safe and I feel ashamed knowing I’ve let people down. — Erik Manuel Lamela (@ErikLamela) January 2, 2021 Elsewhere, West Ham’s Lanzini issued an apology of his own, taking ‘full responsibility’ for his mistake: I want to apologise for a bad mistake I made over Christmas and I take full responsibility for my actions. I know people have made difficult sacrifices to stay safe and I should be setting a better example. — Manuel Lanzini (@manulanzini) January 2, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.