Frank Lampard’s men made the trip to Craven Cottage a short time ago, for their latest Premier League outing. The Blues of course headed into proceedings aware that nothing but a 3-point haul would do against their capital rivals, after slipping to 10th in the English top-flight table on the back of just 1 win in their last 6. And, when all was said and done in southwest London, bounce back is precisely what Chelsea managed. Their display, all told, proved far from convincing, with Fulham having actually been forced to navigate the majority of the clash with 10 men, on the back of Antonee Robinson’s first-half dismissal: STRAIGHT RED CAD Antonee Robinson is sent off for a real lunge and Fulham have it all to do Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #FULCHE here: https://t.co/AwxIpXrwmw Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/C1Ut3hDxQq — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) January 16, 2021 And the Cottagers, to their credit, stood tall in the face of adversity throughout the majority of the 2nd-half, restricting their favoured opponents to a smattering of half chances. Such efforts, however, in the end proved futile, after the game’s telling moment was forthcoming a little over 10 minutes from time. After Ben Chilwell’s delivery from the left was batted into the middle of the area by Alphonse Areola, Mason Mount was on hand to lash home into the bottom corner, securing all 3 points for Chelsea in the process: MOUNT FIRES CHELSEA AHEAD The England man finally gives Chelsea the lead in west London Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #FULCHE here: https://t.co/AwxIpXrwmw Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/8gXb6CeK5F — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) January 16, 2021 On the back of proceedings coming to a close at Craven Cottage, meanwhile, things, all of a sudden, are looking up for Chelsea. Yes, the Pensioners remain on the outside looking in on the Premier League’s top-4, but they now sit just 3 points adrift of 3rd-placed Manchester City, and riding high on the back of a pair of consecutive victories in all competitions. Lampard’s men, though,as outlined above, again looked some way short of their scintillating best versus Fulham. A number of the visitors’ stars endured an underwhelming evening, with the likes of Cesar Azpilicueta and Olivier Giroud having struggled over lengthy stretches. One, though, who again stood up to be counted when needed most, was Mason Mount. pic.twitter.com/lAEqpssNg9 — B/R Football (@brfootball) January 16, 2021 The English international of course netted the game’s only goal, but also contributed so much more to a much needed 3-point haul for Chelsea. Mount, who has stood as the model of consistency throughout the campaign to this point, was not flashy nor extravagant, with his showing, in turn, likely to go under the radar in the eyes of many. Everything he did produce, though – passing, tackling, work-rate, touch, link-up play – was effective, and carried out with minimal fuss. Mount’s name may not have the ring of a Werner, a Kante or even a Havertz, but the fact of the matter is, as proven once again this evening, the 22-year-old remains an absolutely integral figure in Chelsea’s midfield, and will likely continue to represent as much for years to come. Mason Mount vs Fulham (A): 96 touches1 goal4 shots60 completed passes (90.9%)7 key passes4/8 completed crosses3/3 compelted dribbles7/10 ground duels won2 tackles2 interceptions2 free-kicks won This is what a real leader looks like.  pic.twitter.com/N79uC7WlFy — ExpectedChelsea (@ExpectedChelsea) January 16, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.