Ole Gunnar Solskjaer lost his fourth semi-final in a row as Manchester United head coach as the club fell to 2-0 defeat to Manchester City in the League Cup. United went into the game with renewed hope that their strong league form would carry them through and into the match against their city rivals. Solskjaer has seen his team climb the Premier League and sit joint top on points with Liverpool with a game in hand. However, it was not enough and goals from John Stones and Fernandinho were enough to give Pep Guardiola’s side the win. After the match, Solskjaer said that City were deserved winners and that his side were not good enough. “You know City can score great goals but when you concede goals like that from set pieces, it’s very disappointing,” he told Sky Sports after the match. “When they play well, we have to play really well and that’s the reality of where we’re at. This is a much better version of Man United than the semi finals against City last season” “It’s still not good enough and we have work to do, it’s a time to dust ourselves down and get ready for the FA Cup, the league and then back to the Europa League.” “It’s not psychological,” he said about losing four semi finals. “Sometimes you meet good teams in the semis. We met, at the moment, City are probably the best team in England.” “When they play well, you have to play really well to beat them!” Ole Gunnar Solskjaer admits Man City were deserved winners at Old Trafford pic.twitter.com/eq6ToDmGZj — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) January 6, 2021 Pep Guardiola decided to field a squad without a recognised striker once again with Sergio Aguero on the bench, still recovering from a long-term injury, and Gabriel Jesus present on the sidelines also, but having only just returned from self isolation after testing positive for Covid-19. Guardiola spoke about the return from isolation and that the effects of the virus are having different impacts on players which is making it difficult to put a timescale on their return from suffering with the infection. “It’s a mystery. Nobody knows what happens when you pass Covid-19. Some guys recover well, some guys recover really, really badly. Nobody knows. We will see in training sessions how they react,” he said. Guardiola on the fitness of Jesus and Walker: “It’s a mystery. Nobody knows what happens when you pass Covid-19. Some guys recover well, some guys recover really really badly. Nobody knows. We will see in training sessions how they react.” — Simon Bajkowski (@spbajko) January 6, 2021 Guardiola will be hoping that his players recover quickly after the club has been impacted by a number of positive tests over the recent weeks. Before the match against Manchester United the the club announced that three more positive tests had been recorded including goalkeeper Scott Carson. Just hours before their clash with Manchester United… — Goal News (@GoalNews) January 6, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.