Juve are currently locked in action with Udinese in Turin, in the club’s first outing of the new year. The Bianconeri headed into proceedings in desperate need of all 3 points, having slipped off the pace of the Serie A title race prior to the festive period. In fact, before kick-off this evening, Andrea Pirlo’s men sat in a lowly 8th in the Italian top-flight. As things stand, though, the champions are well on their way towards a much needed bounce-back victory. Early in the 2nd-half at the Allianz Stadium, Juve lead by 2 goals to nil, courtesy of strikes from Cristiano Ronaldo and Federico Chiesa. The first came just past the half-hour mark, when, after the ball was won back by Aaron Ramsey, Ronaldo powered towards goal, before unleashing an unstoppable drive into the far corner of the visitors net: Cristiano Ronaldo with a great opener for Juve! It’s still nearly impossible to stop him when he runs at a defence and gets a sight of goal like that  pic.twitter.com/U8f30Za0Gk — Premier Sports  (@PremierSportsTV) January 3, 2021 And, as outlined above, the game’s opener in Turin came as not only a significant one in setting the hosts on their way towards 3 points, but also from an individual perspective, for Juve’s main man. Ronaldo’s latest strike, remarkably, came as the 757th of his senior career. This tally has seen the Portuguese equal Brazilian legend Pele in the history books of football, as the 2nd-highest scoring individual of all-time. The only player left to pass? Josef Bican. Lionel Messi surpassed Pele a couple weeks ago with the most goals scored for a single club at 644 goals for Barcelona. Cristiano Ronaldo just equaled Pele’s 757 career goals to become the second-highest goalscorer ever. Two monsters that we have continued to be blessed with. — Roberto Rojas (@RobertoRojas97) January 3, 2021 Ronaldo has now also managed to find the net on 20 occasions or more for the 15th-straight season: 20 – Cristiano #Ronaldo has scored 20 goals for the 15th season in a row among clubs and national team. Stratospheric.#JuventusUdinese #SerieA pic.twitter.com/dAlcXbDMeG — OptaPaolo (@OptaPaolo) January 3, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.