The Gunners welcomed Steve Bruce’s men to the Emirates a short time ago, for their season opener in the FA Cup. Arteta and co. of course headed into the clash with their tails up, on the back of a major upturn in form over recent weeks, culminating in a 4-0 drubbing of West Brom last weekend. And, when all was said and done in north London this evening, Arsenal went on to make it four wins from their last four across all competitions. A hard-fought 90 minutes eventually rolled into extra-time, after both sides toiled in their efforts to bag an all-important winner. As the additional time wore on, though, and Newcastle’s stars began to tire, the hosts struck. First, Emile Smith Rowe, after being introduced off the bench by Mikel Arteta, picked out the far corner of Martin Dubravka’s net with a pinpoint strike: Smith Rowe #EmiratesFACup @Arsenal pic.twitter.com/Cco2lubArn — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 9, 2021 And this was followed less than 10 minutes later by a result-clinching 2nd for the Gunners, as Kieran Tierney’s pull back across the face was slotted home by the waiting Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang: You already know Aubameyang loves an #EmiratesFACup goal for @Arsenal  pic.twitter.com/PnaiBke6sH — Emirates FA Cup (@EmiratesFACup) January 9, 2021 One moment of concern on an otherwise positive evening for Arsenal on Saturday, however, came on the personnel front. After being named in the starting line-up of the north Londoners, Gabriel Martinelli was forced to make way for Reiss Nelson shortly before kick-off, having turned his ankle in the Emirates turf: pic.twitter.com/hNsZIlcmMw — Max. ♣️ (@AFCMax9) January 9, 2021 In turn, following the full-time whistle, Mikel Arteta was inevitably asked for an update on Martinelli’s wellbeing. And the Arsenal boss went on to admit that things ‘don’t look good’, with Arteta ‘gutted’ for his side’s young attacker: Arteta on Martinelli: “I am gutted. He was in tears, a lot of pain. He didn’t look good.” — Charles Watts (@charles_watts) January 9, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.