Tottenham’s last tie saw them face off with Brentford on Tuesday evening in a League Cup semi-final clash. Spurs headed into the game no doubt full of confidence after putting Leeds to the sword the weekend prior. And with Jose Mourinho putting out a very strong starting eleven, it was unsurprising to see the Lilywhites advance past Championship opposition. Goals from Moussa Sissoko and Heung-min Son ensured Tottenham would book their spot in this season’s League Cup semi-final: : – #THFC  #COYS pic.twitter.com/Wu5mUFMWsd — Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) January 6, 2021 Man City will, of course, prove a tough opponent in the final. City are League Cup specialists under Guardiola and are having a solid 2020/21. However, Spurs will no doubt be boosted by the fact they have beaten City in their last two meetings under Mourinho. And also due to the fact Mourinho is an extremely decorated boss who knows how to win big games. And after booking their place in April’s final, Moussa Sissoko has now been urging Tottenham to trust in Mourinho and believe what he says: “He gives us that belief, we just need to trust him because he won many titles in every team. He knows how to win. We just need to believe in what he says, give our best, to fight + if we do it then we are going to be close to doing something good.” Sissoko on Jose effect: “He gives us that belief, we just need to trust him because he won many titles in every team. He knows how to win. We just need to believe in what he says, give our best, to fight + if we do it then we are going to be close to doing something good.” #THFC — Charlie Eccleshare (@CDEccleshare) January 6, 2021 See also: Aston Villa vs Liverpool betting tips: FA Cup preview, predictions & odds Stoke City vs Leicester City betting tips: FA Cup preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.