Arsenal’s desire to add to their ranks in the middle of the park has been evident of late. Technical director Edu publicly voiced the opinion last month that it is clear the club require more creativity in the middle of the park. The Gunners have also been linked with a host of creative midfielders. Recent RB Leipzig addition Dominik Szoboszlai was heavily linked with the north Londoners before his Germany switch was made official, whilst Isco and Emiliano Buendia have also been touted as potential January reinforcements. And now, over recent weeks, yet another creative midfield presence has been widely tipped for a move to the Emirates. That man is Borussia Dortmund’s Julian Brandt, with Bild reporter Christian Falk having suggested recently that the German has emerged as a serious target for Arsenal. Following said links, Michael Zorc, sporting director at Borussia Dortmund, spoke out. However, when speaking last week, Zorc claimed nobody had been in contact over the midfielder. And Zorc has once again been speaking of Brandt transfer speculation this week as well. However, with the winter window now in full swing, the Gunners still appear to have made no contact over Brandt, with Zorc having this to say: “There is nothing on the table at the moment. We can’t do anything about rumours that are constantly being spread that simply don’t reflect the truth. There’s currently no interest” Borussia Dortmund director Michael Zorc about Brandt-Arsenal rumours: “There is nothing on the table at the moment. We can’t do anything about rumours that are constantly being spread that simply don’t reflect the truth. There’s currently no interest”.  #AFC @swearimnotpaul — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) January 7, 2021 See also: Aston Villa vs Liverpool betting tips: FA Cup preview, predictions & odds Stoke City vs Leicester City betting tips: FA Cup preview, predictions & odds Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.