The Blues are set to get their FA Cup campaign underway tomorrow afternoon. Everton will welcome Championship outfit Rotherham to Goodison Park, for a 3rd-round tie. Ancelotti’s outfit enter proceedings in search of a bounce-back result, having seen a positive recent spell of Premier League form brought to an end last time out. On the back of 4 straight wins in the English top-flight, a run which saw the Merseysiders reestablish themselves firmly amongst the top-4 race, they were brought crashing back down to earth last weekend, in a 1-0 defeat at home to West Ham. What a signing Tomas Soucek has been for West Ham Denied the first time, he was in the right place at the right time for the second chance and bagged a big goal for the Hammers! pic.twitter.com/UAv6dNvr2G — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) January 1, 2021 A meeting with struggling Rotherham, though, represents the ideal opportunity for Everton to get things back on track. The Millers have endured a campaign to forget to date, sitting 2nd-bottom of the Championship table, with just 4 wins to their name all season. As such, as outlined above, ahead of his side’s FA Cup campaign getting underway, Carlo Ancelotti this evening provided fitness updates on a number of Everton’s stars. First was an insight into those who are set to play no part on Saturday, as the Toffees boss attempts to rotate his squad amid the hectic festive fixture list: ‘The players not available for [the FA Cup] are Richarlison, Jonjo Kenny, Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Allan, Fabian Delph, Gbamin and Pickford.’ In a major boost, though, Ancelotti also went on to confirm that James Rodriguez, Lucas Digne and Alex Iwobi, all of whom have spent time on the sidelines of late, are in line to return versus Rotherham. ‘Available – James back, Digne back, Iwobi back.’ When pressed further on Digne’s remarkable recovery, the Italian tactician added: ‘He’s fit, his recovery was really fast. The medical staff and him, I think they did a fantastic job. He trained all week with us and he’s fit, in good condition, he can play tomorrow.’ | A team news update from @MrAncelotti… “The players not available for the game are Richarlison, Kenny, Calvert-Lewin, Allan, Delph, Gbamin and Pickford. Players available: James, Digne, Iwobi are back.” #EmiratesFACup pic.twitter.com/zR8W7r6c9g — Everton (@Everton) January 8, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.