Pep Guardiola will face off against his old nemesis Jose Mourinho after Manchester City won 2-0 at Old Trafford to reach the League Cup final and a possible 4th consecutive trophy. Still choosing not to field an out-and-out striker despite having both Gabriel Jesus and Sergio Aguero on the City bench, Pep Guardiola had tasked Riyad Mahrez with the job that Kevin de Bruyne had occupied in the previous league game. The Belgian scored in the 3-1 win over Chelsea but was put in his more natural attacking midfield position for the trip to Old Trafford. The Manchester derby got off to a bizarre start after what looked to be an early own goal against Manchester City was luckily saved by an offside flag after Marcus Rashford had the attempt saved and then deflect back towards and into the City goal. Then it was City’s turn to have a goal ruled out for offside. Phil Foden played in Ilkay Gundogan who guided the cross past Dean Henderson but the German international was a foot beyond the last United defender. A promising start from a game which had witnessed a 0-0 in the league when the two sides last met. Bruno Fernandes had a curling effort, heading for the top right corner, saved by American keeper Zack Steffen who tipped it over. Although De Bruyne was not in the striking role, the 29-year-old was still threatening and he himself had a long range effort strike the United post. Great save! Zack Steffen gets up to tip Bruno Fernandes’ curling effort over the bar Watch Man Utd v Man City live on Sky Sports Football pic.twitter.com/DOPatBnTub — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) January 6, 2021 A third offside goal would follow a slight dip in the intensity of the match in the 23rd. Foden was played down the left before attacking the United box and putting the ball between Henderson’s legs. The England international was deemed however to have been offside upon receiving the ball. It would be the best chance before the break. The second half kicked off brilliantly for the travelling City side. A free kick on the left was swung in by Phil Foden and the ball was able to find its way to the back post where John Stones was able to tuck the ball home for his first goal in more than 3 years. The goal sparked a period of dominance for City who saw a strike from Joao Cancelo fire just over Henderson’s crossbar. Super Stones The Man City defender is quickest to react Pep Guardiola’s side lead at Old Trafford Watch Man Utd v Man City live on Sky Sports Football pic.twitter.com/vgzjfJfoWf — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) January 6, 2021 Any time that United looked to press forward, City’s threat of a counter attack bled a nervousness which cost Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side in the final third. Sterling headed a ball towards goal which Henderson saved well and a curling ball across the box could not find the outstretched Foden. Mahrez then had a brilliant curling effort saved by Henderson. The Algerian drove at the home side’s back line before moving left and forcing the save from the man who spent an impressive year with Sheffield United last season. United looked to create opportunities but the Red Devils were very limited by the continual pressing effort of Guardiola’s side. Bruno Fernandes took multiple long-range efforts in search of an equaliser but to no avail. The game was clinched in the second half though as United could only clear a light blue corner to the edge of the box where the Brazilian Fernandinho was waiting to strike a first time effort low into the bottom left hand corner. What a strike! Fernandinho looks like he has sealed the deal for Man City Watch Man Utd v Man City live on Sky Sports Football pic.twitter.com/wnUzotCEIG — Sky Sports Football (@SkyFootball) January 6, 2021 The win for City takes them through to a League Cup final looking for a 4th successive triumph in the competition. They will play Spurs who beat Brentford 2-0 on Tuesday. Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.