Dutch wide-man Bergwijn was handed his latest start in Spurs’ colours on Saturday, when the Lilywhites welcomed Leeds United to north London. An entertaining affair, meanwhile, eventually saw the hosts come away with all 3 points, courtesy of an impressive 3-0 win. Usual suspects Harry Kane and Heung-min Son were both on target for Tottenham, with Toby Alderweireld having rounded out the game’s scoring early in the 2nd-half. Tottenham’s telepathic double-act strikes again Heung-min Son’s 100th @SpursOfficial goal is assisted by Harry Kane Beautiful finish! pic.twitter.com/uhTKCZJ9gW — Football on BT Sport (@btsportfootball) January 2, 2021 On an otherwise positive day all-round for the capital outfit, however, Bergwijn was one to have come in for criticism. The 23-year-old linked well with Spurs’ attackers throughout the clash, but, when presented with the opportunity to find the net, again fluffed his lines on more than one occasion. This comes after Bergwijn was also targeted for a lack of cutting edge during a 2-1 defeat to Liverpool last month. Steven Bergwijn had two chances to put Spurs ahead in the second half against Liverpool Spurned.#OptusSport pic.twitter.com/mrLdjYIaWL — Optus Sport (@OptusSport) December 17, 2020 As outlined above, though, a possible explanation for the Dutch international’s woes in front of goal (he is yet to find the net across 16 appearances this season) has today been forthcoming. Speaking on the back of his side’s downing of Leeds, Jose Mourinho was drawn on Bergwijn’s recent struggles. And the Tottenham boss was quick to jump to the defence of his misfiring attacker, confirming that the former PSV standout is ‘suffering’ at present, amid a host of ‘physical problems’: ‘We need him to score goals. Of course we know he has the ability to do that.’ ‘If you go back one year, his first match and he scored an amazing goal (against Manchester City). We know that he has the ability to do that.’ ‘He’s accumulating also physical problems. I don’t know if you could see but even in the last 10 minutes he was touching his groin, he was touching his adductor.’ ‘He’s having problems that are stopping him now and again from training properly and at high intensity so he’s suffering a little bit.’ ‘But of course he gives very good things to the team. I believe the goals will arrive if his condition improves.’ Jose Mourinho reveals ‘physical problems’ are behind Steven Bergwijn’s lack of goals https://t.co/7vGVE83Z9h — MailOnline Sport (@MailSport) January 3, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.