Recent weeks have of course proven altogether positive at Old Trafford. United endured something of a questionable start to the campaign, which included a 6-1 drubbing at the hands of Tottenham, and an exit from the Champions League. However, things are now looking up on the red half of Manchester. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s side are into the semi-finals of the League Cup, whilst their league form, especially at Old Trafford, has been markedly improved of late. In fact, after beating Aston Villa on Friday, the Red Devils moved up to 2nd in the Premier League table, behind Liverpool only on goal difference. In turn, the United faithful are no doubt hopeful of their side using the winter window to improve the club’s squad further, ahead of a title push over the second-half of the campaign. And, as per a report from the Sun on Sunday, the Reds are indeed planning to dip into the transfer market this month, if one of their targets becomes available for the right price. However, the Manchester powerhouse also look set for something of a clear-out, with the same report adding that Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is ready to offload around six players, via a combination of loans and permanent sales. The six names mentioned in the report come in the form of Sergio Romero, Phil Jones, Marcos Rojo, Jesse Lingard, Daniel James and Brandon Williams. Loans moves have been touted for both Williams and James of late, with Brighton thought to be interested in the latter. Solskjaer to hold talks with Man Utd fringe stars with number facing axe | @Journo_Slash https://t.co/02ZfX47OQd — The Sun Football  (@TheSunFootball) January 3, 2021 See also: Brazilian starlet Tete ‘dreams’ of playing for Liverpool or Manchester United / Amad Diallo will not return to Italy Manchester United reportedly interested in Norwich‘s Max Aarons Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.