Frank Lampard’s men made the trip to Craven Cottage a short time ago, for a Premier League derby showdown. The Blues of course entered proceedings aware that nothing but a 3-point haul would suffice, after slipping to 10th in the English top-flight amid a disappointing recent spell of form. And, to their credit, when all was said and done this evening, Chelsea did manage to get back on track. A hard-fought 90 minutes in southwest London – during which Fulham were forced to navigate half of the clash with 10 men – was eventually decided by a solitary goal. After Ben Chilwell’s delivery from the left was batted into the middle of the hosts’ area by Alphonse Areola, Mason Mount was on hand to lash home a sweetly struck low finish, securing all 3 points in the process: MOUNT FIRES CHELSEA AHEAD The England man finally gives Chelsea the lead in west London Watch on Sky Sports PL Follow #FULCHE here: https://t.co/AwxIpXrwmw Download the @SkySports app! pic.twitter.com/8gXb6CeK5F — Sky Sports Premier League (@SkySportsPL) January 16, 2021 Whilst match-winner Mount enjoyed a fine 90 minutes all-round at Craven Cottage, however, a number of Chelsea’s other stars struggled to leave their mark on proceedings. The likes of Cesar Azpilicueta and Olvier Giroud looked some way short of their best, a key factor in the Blues’ struggles to break down a resolute Fulham outfit. None, though, proved as thoroughly underwhelming during his time on the pitch this evening as Timo Werner. German hitman Werner was introduced off the bench with 15 minutes remaining in the clash, but to say that his presence failed to have the desired effect for Frank Lampard and co. would be putting it lightly. Werner once again looked worryingly short of confidence on Saturday, struggling with his touch, passing and, above all else, finishing. The summer arrival at Stamford Bridge was presented with more than one opportunity to put Chelsea out of sight late on, but lacked the required composure or technique to slot beyond Areola. And, as outlined above, on the back of his latest fruitless display, a series of statistics have since come to the fore online, highlighting just how poor Werner has in fact been in front of goal over the last couple of months: Timo Werner has now failed to convert any of his last seven big chances in the Premier League. He can’t catch a break at the moment. pic.twitter.com/1AGLVjT6wC — Squawka Football (@Squawka) January 16, 2021 Timo Werner has now missed 10 of his last 11 big chances for Chelsea – with the only goal in his last 14 games coming against Morecambe — Premier League Panel (@PremLeaguePanel) January 16, 2021 Timo Werner has now failed to score in his last 10 league games for Chelsea: vs Newcastle vs Spurs vs Leeds vs Everton vs Wolves vs West Ham vs Arsenal vs Villa vs Man City vs Fulham The curse strikes again.  pic.twitter.com/4cqzJLULKd — William Hill (@WilliamHill) January 16, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.