Jose Mourinho’s men will return to action tomorrow afternoon, in a meeting with the Whites. The north Londoners will of course head into proceedings on the back of an extended break over the last week, having seen their scheduled derby meeting with Fulham on Monday postponed due to a Covid-19 outbreak in Scott Parker’s playing squad. Wednesday’s match between Tottenham and Fulham has been postponed due to a COVID outbreak at Fulham, per multiple reports pic.twitter.com/hUiUs08mPY — B/R Football (@brfootball) December 30, 2020 And though Jose Mourinho was quick to make his frustrations clear with the eventual decision to call Monday’s clash off, it may in fact prove to be a blessing in disguise, at least in the short-term, for Spurs. This comes with the Lilywhites having been set to enter proceedings on the back of 4 outings without a Premier League victory, and evidently in need of a rest. Their opponents this weekend, on the other hand, will head into the clash with their tails up, having bounced back from a drubbing at the hands of Manchester United earlier this month with consecutive wins over the course of the last week. As such, for obvious reasons, Jose Mourinho will be hopeful of having as many of his key performers available as possible to take on Leeds. Two of the capital outfit’s stars set to play no part on Saturday, however, are Gareth Bale and Giovani Lo Celso. Speaking in a press conference this afternoon, the Spurs boss was asked for a fitness update on his squad, with the silence regarding wide-man Bale and midfielder Lo Celso having all-but confirmed their respective absences. The news regarding another pair of attackers, however, was more positive. Mourinho went on to reveal that he expects both Lucas Moura and Carlos Vinicius to be available for selection, after being forced to sit out their side’s stalemate at Wolves with respective fitness problems: #thfc Mourinho said he expects Lucas & Vinicius to be available vs Leeds. There was no mention of Lo Celso & Bale today, but he’s previously said they won’t be available. — Dan Kilpatrick (@Dan_KP) January 1, 2021 Interestingly, in a separate report pertaining to tomorrow’s matchup in north London, it has also been suggested that Dele Alli is in line for a rare start. English international Alli has of course endured a campaign to forget thus far, having fallen majorly down the Lilywhites pecking order. As per the Guardian, though, the 24-year-old could be in line for a recall versus Leeds, as Jose Mourinho attempts to rotate his squad amid the hectic festive fixture list. Tottenham v Leeds: match preview https://t.co/5SEpRclHoU — Guardian sport (@guardian_sport) January 1, 2021 Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.