Sepp van den Berg joined Liverpool in the summer of 2019. The centre-back made the switch from Dutch outfit PEC Zwolle, for a fee believed to be around £1.7m. The 19-year-old has since gone on to establish himself as a regular in Liverpool’s under-23 side, notching 21 appearances, and scoring one goal. However, the Dutchman has been afforded very little first-team action since moving to England. Van den Berg actually made his senior Liverpool debut back in September of 2019, coming off the bench for one minute vs MK Dons in the League Cup. He was then also afforded starts in Liverpool’s ensuing two League Cup fixtures, versus Arsenal and Aston Villa. Van den Berg’s final first-team appearance of the 2019/20 season saw him complete 90 minutes in the FA Cup vs Shrewsbury. View this post on Instagram A post shared by Sepp van den Berg (@seppvdberg_) To this point in the current campaign, though, van den Berg is yet to make a single appearance for Jurgen Klopp’s side. This has come as something of a surprise, considering the personnel crisis at the heart of the Premier League champions’ backline on the back of the long-term injuries picked up by both Virgil van Dijk and Joe Gomez. Joel Matip has also struggled for fitness of late, leading Klopp to utilise midfielders Fabinho and Jordan Henderson as a centre-back pairing. As such, aware of his place in the centre-back pecking order at Anfield, van den Berg now looks set to depart Anfield on loan. As per a report from Goal, Liverpool have held talks with three clubs over a temporary move for van den Berg. Discussions are said to have taken place with sides in Belgium, Germany and Switzerland, with a deal likely to be agreed this week. See also: Stockport County vs West Ham United betting tips: FA Cup preview, predictions & odds Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool unlikely to sign centre-back in January Original Article Get all the Latest news, Breaking headlines,Sport, Education, Finance, Gists, Jobs, Music/Video, Technology and Top stories in real time in Nigeria and around the world.