It has been a busy summer for Mauricio Pochettino’s side already, with several big names joining Paris Saint Germain. Georgino Wijnaldum moved to the French capital when his contract at Liverpool expired, despite significant interest from Barcelona. Meanwhile, full-back Achraf Hakimi made the switch from Inter Milan to PSG earlier this week for the not-insignificant fee of 70 million euros. Appréciez le talent ! ✍️ pic.twitter.com/gQqEoqLrPh — Paris Saint-Germain (@PSG_inside) July 6, 2021  In addition, Gianluigi Donnarumma, the Italian goalkeeper currently at Euro2020, is expected to join the club imminently. Indeed, PSG and Italian midfielder Marco Verratti ensured that the move was the worst kept secret by saying that: “He deserves to join a top European club to have the ambition to win the Champions League. I’m happy to have Donnarumma as new team mate at PSG, he will help us a lot” Marco Verratti ‘confirms’ Gigio Donnarumma to Paris Saint-Germain: “He deserves to join a top European club to have the ambition to win the Champions League. I’m happy to have Donnarumma as new team mate at PSG, he will help us a lot”, Verratti says. #PSG — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) July 8, 2021  It remains to be seen whether Donnaruma will immediately become the first choice in between the sticks at the Parc De Prince, with the incredibly experienced and talented Keylor Navas currently holding that position. However, at just 22 years old, Donnarumma’s signing ensures that the Parisians will not have to purchase another first-choice shot-stopper for over a decade. Sergio Ramos, a Real Madrid stalwart for almost two decades, found himself without a club when he was told that his contract would not be extended in the Spanish capital. ̃! ✍️ #WelcomeSergio pic.twitter.com/I26WKleStg — Paris Saint-Germain (@PSG_inside) July 8, 2021  However, PSG have acted fast to ensure that just a week after his contract officially expired, Ramos was taken off the market. The Spanish titan, winner of four Champions League titles, has put pen-to-paper on a two year deal, and will bring some much needed backbone to PSG’s defence. It is unclear whether attention will now turn to tying down superstar Kylian Mbappe to a new deal (with the Frenchman able to walk away from the club this summer at present), or whether Mauricio Pochettino’s recruitment drive will continue to power through the summer. Have PSG done enough to challenge for the Champions League again?