 Photos of a number of Manchester United’s star men have caught the eye on social media on Thursday. The vast majority of the chatter surrounding ongoings at Old Trafford of late has of course centered on potential incomings. The Red Devils have already tied up a long-awaited move for Jadon Sancho, with the Borussia Dortmund sensation set to link up with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s squad upon the completion of England’s Euro 2020 campaign. . We have agreed a deal in principle for the transfer of Jadon Sancho to United! ⚪⚫#MUFC — Manchester United (@ManUtd) July 1, 2021  United, though, appear far from ready to rest on their laurels. According to widespread reports, the Manchester giants are also eyeing reinforcements at both centre-half, and in the middle of the park. In turn, links have begun to mount with Real Madrid stalwart Raphael Varane, whilst ‘direct contacts’ have been made with Stade Rennais over the potential signing of teenage sensation Eduardo Camavinga: Manchester United are progressing in direct contacts to sign Eduardo Camavinga. #MUFC Rennes would be open to negotiate on potential €30m fee – as they’d lose Camavinga for free next summer. He’s one of Man Utd long term targets – PSG have always been interested too. — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) July 4, 2021  As outlined above, though, amid the mounting excitement surrounding the potential influx of talent at the Theatre of Dreams over the coming weeks, on Thursday, it is instead the current crop of stars plying their trade on the red half of Manchester who have grabbed the headlines. This comes with head-turning photos of all of Paul Pogba, Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford having leaked online. The Reds trio, for the first time, have been spotted donning United’s new home kit for the 2021/22 campaign, with the presence of midfielder Pogba no doubt a particularly pleasant sight for the club’s fans, amid mounting reports linking the Frenchman with a return to his home country with PSG. Leaked pictures of Pogba, Rashford and Fernandes in the 2021/22 home kit [@Footy_Headlines] pic.twitter.com/y88cLEvTBM — Stretford Paddock (@StretfordPaddck) July 8, 2021  ⚪  ? Manchester United 21-22 Home Kit Leaked – Official Pictures: https://t.co/IL1d9Rfnjg — Footy Headlines (@Footy_Headlines) July 8, 2021   