In this article, we will bring you all of today’s Tottenham transfer news. Make sure to check back tomorrow for more updates. It is no secret that Manchester City are eyeing up a move for Tottenham’s Harry Kane this summer. The Citizens recently lost Sergio Aguero and would no doubt love to replace the Argentine with one of the most prolific strikers of the last several years. Reports emerged in June that City had bid for Kane, but Tottenham had ‘no intention’ to accept: Manchester City made an official proposal to Tottenham for Harry Kane. £100M guaranteed + availability to include players in the deal.#THFC have NO intention to accept. Harry wants to go, but Levy will try to keep him. ❌ Harry now focused on the Euros, then it’ll be decided. — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) June 21, 2021  Said rumours then took something of a back seat with Euro 2020 on. But with pre-season getting underway, it now looks as though Kane’s future is being brought to the fore again. The Telegraph are reporting that Kane’s England teammates believe he could refuse to return to pre-season training with Tottenham in a bid to try to force a move to City. It is added that Kane believes he has a gentleman’s agreement that Spurs will listen to bids for him this summer: Harry Kane’s team-mates believe he may not attend Tottenham training in bid to force Man City move | @Matt_Law_DT reports https://t.co/s8mbKtrIuc — Telegraph Football (@TeleFootball) July 17, 2021  Recent days have seen Tottenham linked with a move for Lyon star, Houssem Aouar. These reports suggested that Arsenal were still keen on the Frenchman, but Spurs were also in the conversation: Being told that Tottenham have now also entered the race for Houssem Aouar. Arsenal are still keen on the Lyon playmaker but Spurs are in the conversation too now. — Julien Laurens (@LaurensJulien) July 15, 2021  However, football.london’s Alasdair Gold has now moved to play these rumours down somewhat, stating that: “I know this will probably upset people who have decided they want him but, at this current moment in time, there does not appear to be anything concrete in that link, just a player the club have looked at in recent seasons.” Another player to be linked with Spurs of late has been centre-back, Jules Kounde. However, whilst it was claimed Sevilla are open to selling the Frenchman, a deal being thrashed out did not look very likely: There’s still the same feeling around Jules Koundé and Tottenham since one week. No optimism – Sevilla are open to sell Koundé for an important bid and relationship with Spurs is great, but deal not progressing. ⚪️ #THFC Jules Koundé prefers to wait, as of today. https://t.co/setuyAp7fD — Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) July 14, 2021  Now, it is being reported that Kounde’s first choice for a move would be Real Madrid. Who is the best mid-range (6.5m-8m) forward on FPL 2021/22? Everton, Aston Villa & more stars compared Who is the best budget (6.5m or less) midfielder on FPL 2021/22? Arsenal, Leeds & more stars compared