 Photos of a host of Arsenal’s stars sporting the club’s new home jersey for the upcoming campaign have leaked online on Thursday evening. The kit set to be donned by Mikel Arteta’s players at the Emirates next season will stick to a classic modern feel. A base of red across the shirt’s front and back will, as expected, be offset by white sleeves and a thick white strip down the length of each side. The club’s traditional crest will too remain, alongside kit manufacturer Adidas’ logo, and sponsor Emirates’ large ‘Emirates, Fly Better’ slogan emblazoned across the midriff. One change to recent Gunners’ home jerseys of years gone by, though, will come on the shoulders, with Adidas’ trademark trio of stripes set to take on a blue colour. And, as outlined above, with less than 24 hours ago to go before the shirt becomes available for public purchase, the best look at Arsenal’s new home design yet has been forthcoming online. The leaks, which showcase the likes of Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli donning their side’s newest offering, come courtesy of the reliable Footy Headlines. Check out the photos in question, as well as a closer look at the kit in full, through the links below: Leaked promotional images of Arsenal’s home kit for the 2021/22 season, set for release tomorrow. [@Footy_Headlines] #afc pic.twitter.com/JhEebZjRfI — afcstuff (@afcstuff) July 15, 2021  ⚠⚪ – 14 New Official Pictures: Arsenal 21-22 Home Kit Leaked: https://t.co/L7QL6nXeyx — Footy Headlines (@Footy_Headlines) July 15, 2021  Elsewhere on the Arsenal front on Thursday, another departure from Mikel Arteta’s ranks has been confirmed. The player moving on comes in the form of William Saliba, who, as expected, has linked up with Ligue 1 outfit Marseille on loan for the 2021/22 campaign. The move of course marks the Frenchman’s 3rd temporary spell away from North London in three seasons, since his initial arrival in the summer of 2019. Good luck at @OM_Officiel, Wilo — Arsenal (@Arsenal) July 15, 2021  