 The Brazilian forward caught the eye in 2020/21 with his standout performances in the Bundesliga. He scored eight goals and assisted eight more in a standout season for the capital club. As such, reports have claimed that Leeds have registered interest in signing him.  The forward has four years remaining on his Hertha deal and the Bundesliga club would ideally like to keep him. However, they would struggle to turn down a huge offer from his many suitors. To that end, one report said Cunha would be available for £30million. That said, Leeds are seemingly not the only club keen. His agent has previously indicated that Cunha is also on the radar of Bayern Munich. Either way, it seems Cunha is a player heading to the top. Aware of the growing interest in their star man, Hertha’s director of football Fredi Bobic says Cunha can leave ‘for the right price’. And while a £30m fee would set a new Leeds transfer record, former Arsenal man Kevin Campbell reckons it’d be money well spent. Furthermore, speaking to Football Insider, he has tipped Marcelo Bielsa to turn Cunha into a world star. “That would be good value for money,” Campbell said of Cunha’s asking price. “When you look at the quality of player, his statistical return and his age, it is cheap money. Let’s be honest, it is cheap money. “If he comes to the Premier League and has a good season you are putting £20million on that price tag straight away. “I think the way Leeds play would suit him. He would get assists and goals in that system I think. “He would fast be a coveted commodity. I think it would be great business.” Bobic, meanwhile, has warned Cunha the club will have little choice but to sell him if he asks to move on. “I’ve met with his agent and exchanged ideas with him (Cunha). It was a good conversation,” Bobic explained. “I told him that I am very happy that Matheus is with us. He is our best player. But he needs to change a few things about himself, because otherwise he will have problems in the future, no matter where he plays. “If he’s completely commits to Hertha, he’s a player we don’t have to worry about.” “If he wants to move on, it will only happen if the price is right,” he added. “It’s simple: either you commit completely and dig in – or you bring up something else that makes sense. “I had the feeling that the agent thought that was great. That was a clear statement, he can deal with that. And it’s not like there are 20 clubs lining up right now.” READ MORE: Leeds to risk unprecedented squad situation with ‘concrete offer’ looming  The post Bielsa tipped to transform big-money Leeds target into world superstar appeared first on TEAMtalk.