 The respective starting line-ups set to be deployed by England and Italy this evening have been confirmed online. An action-packed summer of European football is of course set to come to a head in a little less than an hour’s time. On the back of a 4-week stretch packed with goals, drama, upsets and more, Italy and England will go head to head at Wembley, for the title of the continent’s finest international outfit. Both nations have thoroughly impressed to this point in the tournament, with the former the only side to have maintained a 100% win record. This comes amid a near-record-breaking stretch of 33 successive outings with defeat for Roberto Mancini’s men.  LONDON, ENGLAND – JULY 06: Jorginho of Italy celebrates scoring their sides winning penalty in the penalty shoot out during the UEFA Euro 2020 Championship Semi-final match between Italy and Spain at Wembley Stadium on July 06, 2021 in London, England. (Photo by Claudio Villa/Getty Images) England, though, will no doubt fancy their chances of bringing a firm end to the Azzurri’s historic stretch of form, having too enjoyed a Euros to remember to date. The sole blotch on the Three Lions’ otherwise flawless tournament CV comes in the form of a group stage stalemate with Scotland, with the defensive clinic put on by Southgate’s backline (Jordan Pickford has conceded just a solitary goal) having proven a particular highlight. In turn, it has come as little surprise to see the England boss opt for just a solitary change to his tried-and-trusted line-up this evening. This comes in the form of Kieran Trippier’s introduction in place of Bukayo Saka, shifting the Three Lions from a back-4 to a five, with two wing-backs: Your #ThreeLions team for tonight’s #EURO2020 final against Italy is in! 🙌 pic.twitter.com/ET2q39DM4d — England (@England) July 11, 2021  The trio of Ben Chilwell, Ben White and the sidelined Phil Foden, though, miss out on a place in the hosts’ matchday squad: Foden, Chilwell and White miss out on England’s squad for the final. — Mark Mann-Bryans (@MarkyMBryans) July 11, 2021  Roberto Mancini has too opted for a recognisable Italy XI, with stalwart defensive pairing Giorgio Chiellini joined by the likes of Nicolo Barella, Emerson and Federico Chiesa: Our starting XI for the #Euro2020Final! 📋#VivoAzzurro #ITA #ITAENG #EURO2020 pic.twitter.com/dUCHvV9pEb — Italy ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ (@azzurri) July 11, 2021   