 Leeds have allowed Kiko Casilla to depart, which means they need a new backup for Illan Meslier. The young Frenchman did relatively well in his debut Premier League season, so is unlikely to be dislodged. More depth is still required, though, for the occasions on which he will not play. A recent report listed Woodman as one of three options for Leeds. The 24-year-old has spent the past two seasons on loan at Swansea City from Newcastle United. He made 88 Championship appearances in that time. A World Cup winner with England at under-20 level in 2017, Woodman has not followed the path some would have expected. Opportunities at parent club Newcastle have been limited due to the form of Martin Dubravka and Karl Darlow. Woodman’s two-year stint in the Championship has helped him get back on track, but he is still unlikely to make it back at Newcastle. Therefore, he may need to consider a move away. That will not be to Leeds, though. According to Football Insider, he only wants to move somewhere to be first choice, which Leeds cannot guarantee. With that in mind, they have pulled out of the race to sign him. As a result, the two names left on their shortlist are Dani Cardenas of Levante and Kristoffer Klaesson of Valerenga. Neither player would be as expensive as Woodman, but they do not have the same level of first-team experience. As with any transfer, there would be some element of risk with either deal. But because they would arrive as a backup, there may not be too much pressure. Only time will tell which one makes the move to Elland Road. It is not just in goal where Leeds are looking to strengthen. After finishing in the top half in their first season back in the Premier League, they want to consolidate their place in 2021-22. If they can find a couple of opportunities in the market, they could even push for a European spot, as they were not far off last season. Leeds remain in the market for a new winger to provide further competition. In that regard, there are claims they could revive their interest in a player who played for one of the teams to finish above them in 2020-21. READ MORE: Leeds ready approach for Man Utd man as Bielsa sanctions double deal  The post Leeds cross one name off transfer wish-list due to demand they can’t fulfil appeared first on TEAMtalk.